http://invisionmedtech.com/press/liver-breakthrough/

InVision receives U.S. FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for Precision Cirrhosis — InVision Medical Technology InVision For Health Systems Platform Evidence Deployment Reimbursement Blog Press . Request a Demo . . New Medicare NTAP approved for InVision Precision Cardiac Amyloid — up to $2,275 per eligible inpatient stay, on top of the MS-DRG, effective October 1, 2026 . Read the announcement . Home . Press . FDA Breakthrough Device Designation — Precision Cirrhosis. November 10, 2025 Breakthrough Device . InVision receives U.S. FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for Precision Cirrhosis. InVision Medical Technology Corporation (“InVision”) has received Breakthrough Device Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Precision Cirrhosis , its AI algorithm for detection of end stage liver disease through opportunistic findings in echocardiography. End stage liver disease or cirrhosis is a chronic condition resulting from permanent scarring of the liver due to long term data and at the earlier stages can present in symptoms of fatigue, weakness, poor appetite, leg and abdominal swelling that might be confused with heart failure.. The novel technology is designed to address the unmet need for earlier diagnosis of liver cirrhosis patients, which otherwise may go unnoticed until the disease has advanced, delaying treatment, and adversely impacting patient outcomes. Precision Cirrhosis is designed to identify signs of liver disease from echocardiography. The Breakthrough Device Designation recognizes the significant potential of Precision Cirrhosis, and the designation is a key regulatory milestone providing an expedited pathway for development, assessment and regulatory review in the U.S.. Liver cirrhosis is a serious disease caused by permanent scarring of the liver from long term damage that might arise from obesity (metabolic dysfunction associated steatotic liver disease), chronic alcoholism, hepatitis, and other long term liver diseases. Without treatment, cirrhosis can lead to fluid build-up in the abdomen or legs, confusion, malnutrition and death 1 . Unfortunately, liver disease is often misdiagnosed or underdiagnosed in its earliest stages, given the lack of symptoms when compensated and the overlap of symptoms with heart failure. However, subtle signs can be identified in cardiovascular imaging and AI may aid clinicians with prompt diagnosis 2 . A prospective multi-center trial has been funded by the American Heart Association to evaluate the efficaciousness of this technology 3 .. “AI has the potential to identify signs of early disease missed by cardiologists, and may allow for timely detection of liver disease 2 .” said Dr. David Ouyang, MD, Co-founder of InVision. “Echocardiography is a key early exam in the cardiovascular care pathway, with unique potential for high specificity disease screening. During echocardiography, images of the liver are routinely obtained, however cardiologists are not trained to assess changes in liver texture and quality that can identify liver disease. The InVision team has led the development of numerous state of the art echo AI algorithms, with publications in Nature, Nature Medicine, Circulation, JACC, NEJM AI, and JAMA Cardiology. These many of these algorithms have been validated in clinical settings and we appreciate the support of the American Heart Association to perform clinical validation of novel AI technologies that can impact cardiovascular health.”. InVision. InVision Medical Technology Corporation is an AI technology company improving the precision and accuracy of cardiovascular imaging. InVision’s software tools improve the performance of echocardiography, the most common and easily accessible cardiac imaging modality. Backed by YCombinator, InVision is focused on serving patients and providers through the process of development and commercialization of AI diagnostics. Please visit invisionmedtech.com and follow on Twitter @InVision_AI .. Rivera, W. Cirrhosis of the liver: Symptoms, causes & treatments. American Liver Foundation (2022).. Sahashi, Y. et al. Opportunistic screening of chronic liver disease with deep-learning–enhanced echocardiography. NEJM AI 2 , AIoa2400948 (2025).. Researchers awarded $10.5 million to study use of AI in addressing cardiovascular disease. American Heart Association .. . Back to all press © InVision Medical Technology . . InVision AI technology for cardiovascular imaging. Improving the precision and accuracy of echocardiography, the most common and accessible cardiac imaging modality.. . Products. Precision LVEF . Precision Cardiac Amyloid . Automatic Deidentification . Precision Cirrhosis In dev . Precision Reporting In dev . Precision VHD In dev . . Evidence. Research & publications . Amyloid evidence . Comparing amyloid AI . Clinical trials . . Deploying InVision. Deployment & integration . Trust & security . Reimbursement . Echo core lab . . Company. Blog . Press . Team . Contact . . . Certifications & Compliance. SOC 2 . ISO 13485 . HIPAA . . . © 2026 InVision Medical Technology Corporation · Backed by Y Combinator. Privacy Terms Quality Policy Cookie preferences . . . We use cookies for analytics to understand and improve how this site is used. You can accept or decline analytics cookies. See our Privacy Policy . . Decline Accept . . .