https://www.adaptyvbio.com/blog

Blog | Adaptyv Bio . Services Binding Expression Thermostability . . . Blog Team Careers API Proteinbase Docs . Book a meeting Test your proteins . Services . Blog Team Careers API Proteinbase Docs Book a meeting Test your proteins Sign in to Foundry . . . . . . . Adaptyv Bio . Biopole Life Science Campus, Route de la Corniche 5, 1066 Epalinges, Lausanne, Switzerland. support@adaptyvbio.com . Product. Binding . Expression . Thermostability . . Company. Team . Careers . Blog . . Resources. Docs . API . . Legal. Privacy Policy . Terms & Conditions . . . © 2026 — Adaptyv Biosystems. . . . . . . . Blog. . . / P o s t s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Aug 25, 2026 launch . $40M Series A to build the automated lab for agentic biology. We’ve raised a $40M Series A to build the biological “gigafactory” , led by Highland Europe with existing investors Ace Ventures, ByFounders and Y Combinator doubling down. This will enable us to expand our Lausanne team and also expand to London. . . . Aug 20, 2026 case study . Case study: Benchmarking Claude’s protein designs in the wet lab. The Anthropic team wanted to benchmark the newest Claude models at protein design. They ran a suite of models in Claude Science to design protein binders against 16 targets and then sent them to our lab for experimental validation. The results show that Claude models show expert level skills at protein engineering and match or exceed public success rates at binder design. . . . May 13, 2026 case study . Can LLMs design proteins? . After a busy few weeks of binding assays, we're ready to release the results from the muni × Adaptyv TREM2 hackathon. 16 teams designed binders against TREM2 in a single day in San Francisco: 10 human teams and 6 fully autonomous AI agents, 141 designs total, top 100 by Boltz-2 ipSAE to the wet lab. Out of these, 37 were binders. Agents tied humans on hit rate and binding affinity distribution, with the best human binder at 1.11 nM and best agent at 3.64 nM, and all six LLM agents independently picked the same design tool.. . . May 6, 2026 launch . Test proteins with Adaptyv directly from Benchling. You can now submit protein candidates to the Adaptyv wet-lab directly from Benchling. We're launching as part of Benchling's Direct Ordering Partners, having integrated our Adaptyv API into Benchling’s biology R&D and AI workflow.. . . Apr 1, 2026 launch . Adaptyv API: Giving everyone access to a real lab. We're releasing the Adaptyv API, which gives you and your AI agents access to our wet-lab. You can now query our target catalogue, create experiments, track them through the full pipeline, get cost estimates, and pull structured results, all programmatically.. . . Dec 9, 2025 insight . What happened in the Nipah Protein Design Competition so far? + Prediction markets for protein design. For our Nipah Binder competition, we give a short overview of the submitted designs, examine which design methods were most widely adopted, and highlight several noteworthy and creative community contributions. Plus, we opened a prediction market on Manifold for this competition so you can bet on hit rates, best performing models, and more. . . Nov 5, 2025 case study . Designer Spotlight: Navigating the multi-property maze for therapeutic peptide design - Tong Chen. Tong Chen and colleagues from Pranam Chatterjee’s Programmable Biology Group at the University of Pennsylvania are showcasing their most recent model MOG-DFM - a discrete flow matching model capable of optimizing therapeutic peptides across multiple (up to 5) different properties. . . Oct 6, 2025 launch . Proteinbase — the home of protein design data. Proteinbase is the hub for experimental protein design data. Browse thousands of novel proteins with standardized lab validation, computational predictions, and the negative results no one else shares.. . . Sep 18, 2025 launch . Adaptyv is the cloud lab for protein designers — and now available for everyone. . . Sep 1, 2025 case study . Case study: Designing modular protein sensors using BindCraft. In this blog post, we’re taking you through how we made de novo biosensors for maltose with BindCraft, explaining our computational pipeline and experimental validation. Ultimately, we prove that the combination of cutting-edge computational design and high-throughput screening can turn a biological concept into a functional tool in no time.. . . Jul 29, 2025 case study . Designer Spotlight: ProtRL - Reinforcement learning and the Move 37 of protein engineering. We’re taking a look at ProtRL: a framework for aligning protein language models to your desired distributions using reinforcement learning. Filippo Stocco is telling us all about how it works, why reinforcement learning is important for protein engineering, and how these proteins perform when tested in our lab at Adaptyv.. . . Jun 16, 2025 case study . Designer Spotlight: Can a language model reason about protein design?. In this designer spotlight, we take a look at Michael Hla’s recent Pro-1. It is a protein reasoning and optimization model capable to explain why it proposes a mutation. He tested FGF-1 designs in our lab at Adaptyv and managed to show significant melting temperature improvements, while still maintaining binding to their targets. One design even reached a melting temperature comparable to the most optimized FGF-1 variants in the literature!. . . Apr 26, 2025 launch . Introducing BenchBB and the community paper of the Protein Design Competition. We wrote a community paper about our Protein Design Competition, teaming up with your favourite protein designers from both rounds. We close the paper by creating BenchBB, the Bench-tested Binder Benchmark — a curated set of 7 protein targets designed to capture diverse binder design challenges by remaining accessible enough for wide scale lab validation. . . Feb 11, 2025 case study . Case study: Validating proteins designed by Microsoft Research’s EvoDiff. In this case study, we highlight how Microsoft Research used our automated lab to validate proteins generated by EvoDiff, their novel sequence-first protein design model, in just a few weeks.. . . Dec 25, 2024 insight . Protein Design Competition: Has binder design been solved?. We analyze the results of our protein design competition where 130 designers created binders for EGFR. With a 5x improvement in success rates and some designs outperforming clinical antibodies, we explore what worked, what didn't, and what this means for the future of protein engineering. . . Dec 5, 2024 insight . Protein Optimization 103: Racing to the Top 100. What a close race this one was! In this blog post, we look at how submissions evolved throughout our latest EGFR binder design competition. We highlight the most widespread model and design choices, how some people exploited loopholes in our scoring system, and argue if de novo design is reliable or not. We also have plenty of animations for you to click through!. . . Nov 13, 2024 launch . Introducing the Adaptyv Bio API. Imagine if you could let your AI agent design novel proteins, autonomously test them in our wet lab and then improve itself based on the results.. . . Oct 18, 2024 insight . Protein Optimization 102: Lessons from the protein design competition. The results of the first round of the EGFR binder design competition are here! In this blog post, we analyze the most common model and design choices, take a closer look at the strategies that yielded successful binders, and provide recommendations for your future design campaigns.. . . Oct 9, 2024 insight . Protein Optimization 101: Insights from the literature. For this technical blog post, we surveyed the state of the art of using ML for protein optimization. We focused on adaptive, cost constrained, and multi-objective methods and have summarized the best approaches for you.. . . Jun 27, 2024 case study . Case Study: Benchmarking RFdiffusion generated binders for IL-7Ra. Using our automated Affinity Characterization workflow we validated RFDiffusion designed binders in less than 24h. . . Jun 13, 2024 launch . Generate lab data for your AI-designed proteins in just a few clicks. After months of testing with some of the best protein design teams in the world, we are excited to announce public beta access to our protein engineering platform.. . . Jul 11, 2023 launch . Automancer: open-source, flexible lab automation software . Automancer is a user-friendly, modular, and accessible laboratory automation software that can integrate with a wide range of devices to design and execute experimental protocols.. . . Apr 13, 2023 launch . Leveraging 3D protein structure for deep learning with ProteinFlow. ProteinFlow is a versatile, open-source Python library for processing protein structure data for deep learning applications.. . . Apr 12, 2023 launch . Introducing Adaptyv Bio. Proteins are the most advanced nanotechnology we know of. At Adaptyv Bio, our mission is to make proteins easier to engineer.. . . insight . What does de novo actually mean? Protein novelty in Proteinbase. "De novo" protein design is the aspiration of most model developers. The term is frequently used in the literature but is rarely defined exactly. We are detailing here the methodology used to classify the novelty of proteins in Proteinbase. . . . .