https://joingerald.com/careers

Online Banking App With Instant Cash Advance | Gerald Features. . How it works About Learn Blog . . Get Started . . . . . . Join the Gerald Team. . . . . . . Why join us?. Huge opportunity. About a third of Americans live paycheck to paycheck, and are struggling to pay their bills on time. About 100 million Americans are at risk of paying overdraft fees if they auto-pay their bills. We have the ability to help a lot of people profitably.. . Challenging problems. With every single customer that we onboard, it means we are dealing with millions of data records. The challenge is to scale up the product to handle so much data and process it efficiently, while taking all measures to ensure the security of the data. The goal is to make our system learn as quickly as possible so that it can give very accurate predictions when making suggestions related to consumers.. . . A great team. Our founding team has deep expertise in financial services, product engineering, data science, and machine learning, as well as degrees from MIT, Harvard, Columbia, Georgetown, and Yale. We try to take a scientific, data-driven approach whenever possible.. . Culture. Having worked at high growth, early stage startups in the past, our team understands the value of work-life balance. We take weekends off and go on paid vacations.. . Resources and growth. We're well capitalized with seed funding and are backed by Y Combinator and other top tier investors. We keep a lean team, and this is a rare opportunity to join us - you'll learn a lot, build cool products, and grow as our company scales!. . . . . Engineering at Gerald. Engineering team and processes. Most of our team members are from the Engineering domain. We are a global company with members of both the Data Science and Engineering teams located across the world, from India to Nigeria and from Europe to the US. We are an agile team and run weekly sprints. We ship code daily, and each deployment goes through a couple of stages after the engineer submits a Pull Request (PR). We have a PR workflow on GitHub and once the PR is approved it goes through our CI/CD workflow where the software is built & tested and if everything works fine, it is deployed to our staging servers on AWS automatically. Once tested on staging servers, the deployment is pushed to production.. Tech Stack. . PostgreSQL. . . Node.js. . . Javascript. . . React & React Native. . . Python. . . AWS. . . . . our approach. Working at Gerald. Our team is all about having a growth mindset and helping each other recognize and develop it further. We continuously encourage our peers to see what they can learn from a situation. We love it when our team members are experimental in their approach at work and choose not to go ahead with a gut feeling, rather test out different approaches and let the results/data/metrics speak for themselves. We know that sometimes we might fail as well, but that does not make us afraid to experiment. We want all of our team members to enjoy their journey of learning with us and not be driven only by making everything around them successful - we want to be a part of each team member's journey with us as they experience growth along the way. We have a heavy cross-team collaboration and value the team's feedback. We do not practice top-down accountability - even our CEO is as accountable to the rest of the team as we are to each other. Our team believes in having a high critical thinking ability, as this enables us to make decisions very quickly.. . . . . Perks and Benefits. . . Generous Vacations. Earlier this year, one of our employees went on a full 1-month paid vacation - with a strict DO NOT WORK during this period instruction. :). . . . Flexible Hours. Since we have team members from different time-zones working with us, it matters to us that the work is done rather than focusing on the number of hours clocked. You have the flexibility to choose what hours in a day work, with exceptions such as: daily stand up calls and team meetings.. . . . Work from Home. We are a fully remote working team. We plan on opening up offices in several locations across the 4 continents.. . . . View Open Positions. . . . © 2026 Gerald Technologies, Inc. Made with ❤️ in NY. . Backed by. . . Our Company. About Us Career Contact Us Sitemap . Follow us. LinkedIn Twitter . Español. Aprende en Español . . Features. Cash Advance How It Works Buy Now, Pay Later Play to Earn Cash . . . . Legal. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Electronic Communication Consent . Get the app. Google Play App Store . . . . . Gerald Technologies is a financial technology company, not a bank.. 1 Not every user is eligible for advances, with amounts ranging from $40 to $200, contingent on Gerald's approval and company policies.. 2 Advances provided by Gerald are in two forms: 1) Cash advances (transfers to a bank account) and 2) Buy Now, Pay Later.. 3 Buy Now, Pay Later advances are available for purchases made on Cornerstore.. 4 To access some features, such as transferring a cash advance to a bank account, users must first use a minimum portion of their advance for purchases on Cornerstore. Once this minimum amount is met, the remaining advance balance can be transferred to a bank account.. 5 To utilize advances, either as a cash advance or via Buy Now, Pay Later, users must link their debit card associated with their connected bank account. Gerald conducts a debit card verification process, usually instant but may take up to 1 business day depending on the banks eligibility. A temporary hold of no more than $1 is used for the card verification process and is immediately released.. 6 Advances are reassessed upon repayment of the previous advance or after 30 days if unused.. 7 Users ineligible for a automatic advance have the opportunity to accumulate points that can be converted into store rewards.. . . .