https://www.superorder.com/press/superorder-raises-10m-series-a-funding-round-to-fuel-new-generative-ai-order-management-tools-for-restaurants

Superorder Products. . Back. . Products. . Surveys & Feedback Agent . Review Management Agent . Delivery Profitability Agents . AI Scorecards, Insights & Alerts . . . . . . Customers. . Back. . Customers. . Why Superorder? . Case Studies . . . . . . Pricing Resources. . Back. . Resources. . Press . Blogs . Guides. . . . Back. . Resources > Guides. . How to Sign Up — Delivery Platform Pages. . . . Back. . Resources > Guides > How to Sign Up. . UberEats . DoorDash . Grubhub . Postmates . . . . . Ghost Kitchen Ultimate Guide for Restaurant Owners . Menu Design Guide . Success Guide for Delivery Platforms. . . . Back. . Products. . DoorDash . UberEats . GrubHub . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Book Demo . Login. . . . SuperSuite. Virtuals. . . . . . . . . . . Fundraising. . November 3, 2024. . . Superorder raises $10M Series A Funding Round to Fuel New Generative AI & Order Management Tools for Restaurants. The company also launched a selection of generative AI & order management tools designed to drive restaurants’ profitability from online sales.. . . . . . . Announcement. Today, Superorder announced the close of a $10M Series A and angel funding round led by Foundation Capital with participation from investors like Michael Seibel (Managing Director of Y Combinator), Kyle Vogt (Cofounder CEO Cruise), Jon Swanson (Chairman Thumbtack), James Beshara (Founder MagicMind), BBQ Capital, I2BF Global Ventures, and others. . ‍. The company also launched a selection of generative AI & order management tools designed to drive restaurants’ profitability from online sales.. ‍. The funding follows a period of consistent growth for the company and its recent rebrand from its previous name, Forward Kitchens, marking a significant milestone in its expansion to become the one-stop shop for online delivery & takeout management for restaurants.. ‍. Superorder works with over 1,500 restaurants today in 180+ cities, providing solutions that help them grow revenue from delivery and takeout with virtual brands. Superorder enables them to run smoother shifts with order management, automate their marketing and manage their financials more effectively. Restaurants rely on Superorder’s proprietary AI algorithms, which identify unmet needs in their market, to maximize revenue and profit for their virtual brands. Additionally, Superorder consolidates all orders from all platforms into a single system, saving time, reducing errors and improving efficiency.. Superorder’s new tools launching today. Superorder’s new tools launching today will enable restaurants to capitalize on the increasingly growing delivery market, which is expected to reach nearly $270 billion in revenue in the U.S. alone this year. They include the following:. ‍. Order Management:. Restaurants now see more than 50% of their business come in from digital platforms. Before Superorder, they had to dedicate time from their short-handed staff to manage three or more different ordering systems. Now, with Superorder, orders from all online platforms flow into a single system, thereby saving time, reducing errors and improving efficiency.. ‍. Automated Marketing:. Sophisticated online marketers use tools to run advertising copy, pricing, and images. Until now, restaurateurs had limited ability or time to ensure their menus were accurately represented across various online ordering platforms. Superorder puts online marketing on auto-pilot by synchronizing menus across all platforms and optimizing menu item prices, descriptions and imagery to improve conversion rates and sales.. ‍. Financial Management: . Restaurants with a significant portion of digital sales struggle to get full visibility into their revenue, fees and marketing spend across all delivery platforms. Superorder's ledger and payments technology automatically reconciles every sale across platforms, identifies potential errors and distributes payments faster. It also allows them to monitor and manage payment schedules according to their preferred cadence (including daily payments), granting greater flexibility and understanding of their financial operations.. ‍. AI-powered Website Builder:. Restaurants can now build a website through a search-based interface by typing in a query like “Build me a website for an Italian restaurant in New York” and picking a design template. It allows owners to easily edit and build the website using the restaurant’s existing menu and photos or AI-generated images and menus. With this new tool, restaurant owners without extensive technical skills can easily and quickly build well-designed websites to increase their online sales.. ‍. AI Images & Menus:. Restaurants can create compelling food imagery assets by quickly matching item menu descriptions, automating the photo creation and editing process. In addition to photography, they can also craft well-written, creative and accurate menu descriptions and item names with a simple click. This innovative technology empowers restaurants to easily create new and unique menus on demand, streamlining the menu development process.. ‍. “For most restaurants, digital revenue is becoming an increasingly larger share of their business, making tools like third-party delivery platforms, virtual restaurants, and online ordering imperative to compete and remain successful” / Raghav Poddar / CEO of Superorder ‍. In the same way that it’s largely illogical not to use Shopify when building an e-commerce store, a simple, consolidated, and automated platform to run all delivery & takeout revenue will become the obvious choice for any restaurant. Superorder’s mission is to simplify tech adoption to give restaurant owners time to invest in their core business, which is cooking great food.. ‍. “With convenient digital delivery and take-out driving an ever-growing share of restaurant sales, Superorder helps restaurateurs accelerate profitable growth while running a smoother operation” “Having founded and grown a restaurant tech company earlier in my career, I was especially excited to invest in Superorder, which is leading the next generation of technology to help local restaurants succeed and grow.” / Angus Davis / General Partner at Foundation Capital ‍. Background. Superorder was founded in 2019 by Raghav Poddar, who studied at Columbia University. He conceptualized the company as part of the Y Combinator Summer 2019 cohort after seeing the lack of quality online presence from the restaurants he loved ordering from. In 2021, Superorder announced a $2.5M seed round, which was leveraged to expand the company’s footprint and to hire a team in operations, sales and engineering to help support the initial product. With a growing team of more than 70+ employees, Superorder aims to use the new funding to continue its expansion.. . . . . Testimonial. Name. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. . . . . . . . . Interested In Learning More? Schedule a call. . Book Demo. . . . . . . . . AI Agents for reputation management and delivery profitability. . Products. Surveys & Feedback Agent Review Management Agent Delivery Profitability Agents AI Scorecards, Insights & Alerts . Customers. Why Superorder? Case Studies Pricing . Resources. Blog Press Restaurant Reviews . . . © Superorder 2026. Virtual Restaurant Agreement Privacy Policy SuperSuite Agreement . . . . . . . .