https://www.astromecha.co/press/astro-mechanica-announces-discussions-of-potential-engine-agreement-with-united-to-accelerate-ground-power-deployment

astromech . . Home Careers News Contact . . . . . Astro Mechanica Announces Discussions of Potential Engine Agreement with United to Accelerate Ground Power Deployment. . August 21, 2026. . . . United agreement would establish engine supply for Astro Mechanica's ground power platform . Commercial deployment of Astro Mechanica's compact aeroderivative ground power units to begin in 2027 . ‍. SANFRANCISCO, August 21, 2026 – Astro Mechanica today announced that it is in discussions with United Airlines to reach an agreement to secure the right to purchase select engines coming off-wing from retiring aircraft in the airline's fleet.. The engines, maintained to airline standards throughout their service lives, would be re-engineered by Astro Mechanica into compact aeroderivative ground power units that provide reliable, dispatchable power for data centers, industrial facilities, and other critical infrastructure.. “This potential agreement gives us a reliable supply of commercial aircraft engines as we scale our ground power business,” said Ian Brooke, CEO and Founder of Astro Mechanica. “We're building on proven, flight-certified hardware to bring affordable, dispatchable power to market faster and help meet growing demand for resilient energy infrastructure.”. “United is committed to finding innovative ways to create value from our assets,” said Mike Leskinen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at United. “We're pleased to be a potential engine supplier to Astro Mechanica’s ground power business that extends the service life of engines for new value-creating applications.” . The potential agreement would accelerate commercialization of Astro Mechanica's ground power platform, a portfolio of containerized solutions built on flight heritage to rapidly expand access to reliable behind-the-meter power. The first aeroderivative units are expected to ship in 2027, with additional products, including a helium closed Brayton cycle power system, currently under development.. ‍. About Astro Mechanica . Astro Mechanica is a vertically integrated aerospace company developing a scalable technology platform to power critical infrastructure, mission operations, and the future of flight. The company applies aerospace engineering and quality standards across its products, delivering high performance, reliability, and efficiency for the most demanding operating environments. Astro Mechanica is backed by leading venture and strategic investors, including Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), Giant Step Capital, United Airlines Ventures, and Voyager Ventures. . For more information, visit www.astromecha.co or follow us on X and LinkedIn .. Media Contact: Shirley Lee | shirley@astromecha.co. . . . . . . Keep us on your radar.. . Sign up for updates and announcements.. You're on the list!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.. . . . . Company. Home Careers News Contact . Social. LinkedIn X . . . Propelling Progress.. . © 2026 Astro Mechanica CORP. All Rights Reserved.. Propelling Progress.. . . . . . . .