https://www.firecrawl.dev/blog/best-github-repos

Best Trending GitHub Repositories for AI Developers to Star in 2026 . . Introducing Alexandria and our $75M Series B. Read the announcement → . . . . . . . Products Resources Pricing Docs Blog Playground 187.2K Sign up . . . . . //. Get started. //. . Ready to build?. Start getting Web Data for free and scale seamlessly as your project expands. No credit card needed. . . Start for free See our plans . Are you an AI agent? See setup options . . . Table of Contents. TL;DR: Interesting GitHub repositories 2026 1. Bumblebee 2. Firecrawl 3. System Design 101 4. developer-roadmap 5. awesome-claude-skills 6. nanochat 7. design-resources-for-developers 8. transitions.dev 9. Lenny's Newsletter/Podcast Data 10. andrej-karpathy-skills 11. agent-skills (Addy Osmani) 12. SkillKit 13. anydoc 14. pdf-inspector 15. Omarchy . . . Blog Best Trending GitHub Repositories for AI Developers to Star in 2026. Hiba Fathima . . . . Aug 27, 2026 (updated) . . . TL;DR: Interesting GitHub repositories 2026. . Repo What it does . Bumblebee (Perplexity) Scans dependencies and MCP servers for supply chain threats . Firecrawl Web data APIs for AI agents: search, scrape, parse, crawl . System Design 101 Visual reference for distributed systems and architecture . developer-roadmap Community-driven learning paths for every engineering track . awesome-claude-skills 1,000+ production-ready Claude Code skills and plugins . nanochat (Karpathy) The full LLM training stack in one minimal, readable repo . design-resources-for-developers Curated design resources and tooling for developers . transitions.dev 12 CSS transitions as copy-paste snippets and an agent skill . Lenny's Newsletter/Podcast Data PM podcast and newsletter archive in AI-friendly markdown . andrej-karpathy-skills Four Karpathy coding principles in one CLAUDE.md drop-in . agent-skills (Addy Osmani) 24 lifecycle skills with slash commands from spec to ship . SkillKit Package manager for skills across 46 agents and 31 sources . anydoc Rust library converting Office, PDF, EPUB to clean Markdown . pdf-inspector Rust PDF classifier and text extractor with selective OCR . Omarchy (DHH / Basecamp) Opinionated Arch + Hyprland developer setup in one script . . I keep a running list of repos worth coming back to. This year it filled up faster than usual.. Part of it is the AI wave. But there's something more specific going on: open source having a real resurgence. The Eclipse Foundation's 2026 predictions put it plainly. Enterprises that spent two years on proprietary AI pilots are moving back to open source because the closed tools can't connect to their actual systems.. Search "best GitHub repos" and you'll get the same results everywhere. You've already seen them. This is a different list: fifteen repos that are specifically worth paying attention to in 2026 if you're building with AI. These are the best GitHub repos 2026 has to offer for that.. 1. Bumblebee. . Bumblebee is a read-only supply chain scanner from Perplexity AI that checks your dependencies, MCP servers, and editor extensions for suspicious packages in seconds. . The supply chain attack surface has expanded dramatically with the rise of AI tooling. It is not just npm packages and PyPI anymore. MCP servers are being installed by developers who clicked a link in a Discord post. Browser extensions have access to every page you load. Editor extensions have access to your entire file system. Perplexity shipped Bumblebee to scan all of these at once: one tool covering npm, PyPI, Go modules, RubyGems, Composer, MCP servers, VS Code extensions, and browser extensions in a single pass.. What stands out is the architecture: written in Go 1.25, zero non-standard library dependencies, read-only by design, no unexpected network calls. It is exactly the kind of tool you run in CI without worrying about what it might be doing on the side.. At 5k stars (and growing fast since the v0.1.1 release in May 2026), it is still early. But given that MCP adoption is accelerating and most developers have no reliable way to audit the servers they install, this repo fills a real gap right now.. npm / PyPI / Go / RubyGems / Composer : scans package manifests across all major ecosystems. MCP servers : checks installed MCP servers against known-malicious and suspicious registries. Editor extensions : audits VS Code extensions installed on the machine. Browser extensions : scans browser extension inventory for known threats. Zero dependencies : pure Go standard library, no supply chain risk in the scanner itself. Read-only : makes no changes to your environment, safe to run anywhere. Install: . . . . . . # Requires Go 1.25+ go install github.com/perplexityai/bumblebee@latest # Run a supply chain scan bumblebee scan . . . Honest take: For any developer who has been installing MCP servers from GitHub repositories and community Discords, this is the tool that should have existed from the start. The scan is fast, the output is readable, and the zero-dependency architecture means you can actually trust what it is doing. The caveat is that it is pre-1.0, so detection coverage is still being built out. Treat it as a fast first-pass audit, not a definitive security guarantee.. Cons: Very new (v0.1.1 as of this writing). Detection databases are still maturing. Does not yet cover every MCP registry source. Requires Go on the machine, which adds a setup step for teams working exclusively in JavaScript or Python.. Repo: github.com/perplexityai/bumblebee . 2. Firecrawl. . Firecrawl searches, scrapes, and cleans the web for AI agents: one API family covering Search, Scrape, Parse, Crawl, Map, and Interact. . At 170K+ stars and ranked in the top 100 GitHub repositories globally, Firecrawl is the clearest example of an AI-native infrastructure layer taking over from the fragmented tooling it replaced. Before it, a typical AI agent pipeline that needed web context stitched together a SERP API for search, a separate scraper for content extraction, a browser automation tool for dynamic pages, and a document parser for PDFs. Firecrawl collapsed that into one stack.. . The core insight is the workflow: Find, Extract, Clean, Use. Search is the front door. It finds fresh, relevant sources from the live web and returns full page content, not just links. Scrape turns any URL into clean, token-efficient Markdown or structured JSON. Parse handles PDFs and documents. Crawl and Map provide depth and structure across entire sites. Interact handles clicks, form fills, logins, and any page that basic scraping cannot reach.. Search : finds sources from the live web and returns scraped content in one call, not just URLs. Scrape : turns any URL into clean Markdown or structured data. Works on the real web: JS-heavy sites, SPAs, and geo-sensitive pages. Parse : converts PDFs and documents into usable text for downstream agents. Crawl : follows links across an entire site and returns content from every page. Map : discovers the full URL structure of a domain fast. Interact : handles real browser interactions including clicks, form fills, and logins that Scrape cannot reach. API and SDKs : production-grade Python, Node.js, Java, Elixir, and Rust SDKs. MCP, CLI, Skills : brings Firecrawl into Claude Code, Cursor, and any MCP-compatible agent stack. Install: . . . . . . # Python pip install firecrawl-py # Node.js npm install firecrawl # CLI (installs to all detected AI agents on your machine) npx -y firecrawl-cli@latest init --all --browser . . . Honest take: Web context is one of the most underrated parts of building a smart agent. An agent that can only reason over its training data hits a ceiling fast. Firecrawl is what removes that ceiling. The API is designed around what agents need, not what a human would use in a browser. Output formats are token-efficient by default. The file-based CLI output keeps agent context clean. The compliance posture (ZDR, SOC 2 Type 2, DPA, US data residency) matters for production deployments in a way that most web data tools have never had to address.. Cons: You can try the endpoints without an API key, but ongoing use needs one and consumes credits. The free tier covers 1000 credits per month with no card, which is enough for testing but not production-scale crawls. The self-hosted option from the GitHub repo adds infrastructure overhead most teams would rather skip: it needs Docker and leaves out some cloud capabilities, so it earns its keep only when data residency or cost at scale demands it.. . Repo: github.com/firecrawl/firecrawl . Documentation and free API key at firecrawl.dev .. 3. System Design 101. . System Design 101 explains complex distributed systems through visuals and plain language, covering everything from API design to real-world architecture case studies for major platforms. . At 87.6k stars, this is the repo I keep coming back to when I need to explain a tradeoff quickly or refresh my understanding of how something works at scale. ByteByteGo has done a remarkable job turning dense distributed systems concepts into diagrams and short explanations that hold up at every level, from early-career engineers to senior architects preparing for a design review.. The scope is genuinely broad and the AI/ML section has expanded significantly over the past year as the team added content on vector databases , inference infrastructure, and LLM deployment patterns. What makes this repo different from a textbook is the visual design: every concept has a diagram, and the diagrams are clear enough to drop into a technical doc or use in an onboarding presentation.. API design : RESTful design, communication protocols, and API security patterns. Real-world case studies : Netflix, Uber, Google Search, and Twitter architecture walkthroughs. AI and ML systems : vector databases, inference infrastructure, and LLM deployment patterns. Database design : SQL vs NoSQL, replication, sharding, and indexing trade-offs. DevOps and cloud : CI/CD patterns, cloud architecture, and container orchestration. Security fundamentals : authentication, authorization, and encryption explained visually. Get started: . . . . . . # Browse at github.com/ByteByteGoHq/system-design-101 git clone https://github.com/ByteByteGoHq/system-design-101.git . . . Honest take: This is reference material, not a course. You do not work through it linearly. The best way to use it is to search for the concept you are currently wrestling with and use the diagram to anchor your mental model. It also pairs well with the ByteByteGo newsletter and the System Design Interview books if you are preparing for interviews.. Cons: Coverage is uneven across topics. Some sections are very thorough, others have not been updated in over a year. Not a substitute for reading primary documentation or building the systems yourself. The repo is a collection of markdown files with linked images, not an interactive learning environment.. Repo: github.com/ByteByteGoHq/system-design-101 . 4. developer-roadmap. . developer-roadmap is the most complete collection of community-driven engineering learning paths, and in 2026 it matters more than ever precisely because vibe coding makes it easier than ever to skip the basics. . When I was in grad school, this repo is what I used to get started with web development and frontend engineering. The structured paths gave me a clear sense of what to learn and in what order, not just a list of technologies, but a logical progression through the concepts that actually matter. I came back to it recently to look at the new tracks, and it has grown into something much larger: 365k stars, 44.1k forks, 1,508 contributors, and over 60 learning paths.. The new additions are telling. There is a dedicated Vibe Coding Roadmap, a Claude Code Roadmap, and an AI Engineer Roadmap. The community has absorbed the reality of the current moment. But the underlying engineering tracks (Frontend, Backend, DevOps, Full Stack, Android, iOS) are still there, and they still matter.. Here is why: with AI coding agents making it possible to ship working code without understanding what it does, a generation of developers is building on foundations they have never examined. The results are visible everywhere. Code that works until it does not. Architecture decisions that make no sense in context. Debugging sessions that go in circles because the developer does not have the mental model to narrow down the problem. That output has a name: AI slop . The developer prompting the AI still needs to know enough to direct it, review it, and debug it. This repo gives you that foundation.. Frontend Roadmap : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and modern framework learning paths. Backend Roadmap : Node.js, Python, Java, databases, and API design in sequence. AI Engineer Roadmap : machine learning, LLMs, vector databases, and deployment. Vibe Coding Roadmap : structured entry path for developers coming in through AI-first tools. Claude Code Roadmap : Claude-specific tooling and AI coding workflows. DevOps Roadmap : containers, Kubernetes, CI/CD, and infrastructure as code. Get started: . . . . . . # Interactive version at roadmap.sh # Source: git clone https://github.com/nilbuild/developer-roadmap.git . . . Honest take: The interactive version at roadmap.sh is far more useful than browsing the GitHub repo. The site lets you mark progress, discover linked resources for each node, and share your learning path. What I find genuinely valuable is that the community keeps adding tracks for new areas. The fact that there is already a Claude Code Roadmap in 2026 means this project moves with the ecosystem rather than preserving a snapshot of what was relevant in 2022.. Cons: Breadth over depth. The roadmaps tell you what to learn, not how to learn it well. The resource links vary in quality, and some point to paid courses or outdated material. Community curation is active but uneven across tracks.. Repo: github.com/nilbuild/developer-roadmap . Interactive version at roadmap.sh .. 5. awesome-claude-skills. . awesome-claude-skills is the fastest way to extend Claude Code with 1,000+ production-ready Claude Code skills and plugins covering everything from document processing to SaaS automation. . At 73.4k stars, ComposioHQ's collection has become the definitive starting point for any Claude Code user who wants to move beyond the defaults. The repository is curated but comprehensive: skills for document processing (PDFs, DOCX, Excel), developer tools, data analysis, business workflows, creative work, productivity, collaboration, and security auditing. It also includes 78 SaaS app automations via Composio integrations, giving you instant connections to Slack, Notion, GitHub, Linear, Salesforce, and dozens of other tools without writing the integration yourself.. The structure is well organized. Skills are grouped by category, each comes with a direct install command or link to the skills.sh listing, and the descriptions are concise enough to scan quickly. This is genuinely useful given how many skills exist and how difficult discovery is when working directly from Claude's context.. Document skills : create and parse PDFs, DOCX, Excel, and PPTX files. Dev tools : code review, test generation, and dependency auditing. Data analysis : structured queries, CSV and JSON processing, visualization scripts. Business workflows : NDA review, meeting notes, and status report formats. SaaS automations : 78 pre-built Composio integrations for Slack, GitHub, Notion, and more. Security : static analysis, vulnerability scanning, and secrets detection. Install: . . . . . . # Via npx npx skills add ComposioHQ/awesome-claude-skills # Install a specific skill only npx skills add ComposioHQ/awesome-claude-skills --skill document-processor . . . Honest take: This is the skills collection I return to regularly, not just once. The Composio-backed SaaS integrations are the most distinctive part: connecting Claude to external tools through a skill rather than setting up a full MCP server is substantially faster to get working. The downside is that Composio integrations require a Composio account and API key, which adds a dependency for the 78 automation-focused skills specifically.. Cons: Quality varies across the collection. The most popular skills are well maintained and have clear documentation. Less popular ones can lag on updates or break when Claude Code changes the skill loading mechanism. Worth spot-checking a skill before committing your team to it.. Repo: github.com/ComposioHQ/awesome-claude-skills . 6. nanochat. . nanochat is Andrej Karpathy's attempt to put the full LLM training stack in one cohesive, minimal, readable, hackable, maximally forkable repository. . At 57.5k stars, nanochat has become one of the most-watched repos of 2026 precisely because it does the opposite of what most AI repos do. Instead of wrapping everything in an abstraction layer and hiding complexity behind a clean API, it surfaces everything. The full pipeline lives in one place: tokenization, pretraining, finetuning, evaluation, inference, and a working chat UI. Every step is visible and modifiable.. Karpathy puts the goal directly: "My goal is to get the full 'strong baseline' stack into one cohesive, minimal, readable, hackable, maximally forkable repo." That goal shapes every design choice in the codebase. No unnecessary dependencies. Clear separation between components. A time-to-GPT-2 leaderboard (current record: 1.65 hours) that gives you a concrete benchmark to measure against. And a cost reference that makes the whole thing concrete: training GPT-2 class models runs for around $48.. The interactive demo lives at nanochat.karpathy.ai if you want to see the end result before digging into the code.. Tokenization : byte-pair encoding implemented from scratch. Pretraining : full training loop designed to run on a single GPU node. Finetuning : instruction tuning and RLHF from a pretrained checkpoint. Evaluation : benchmarks built in, not bolted on after the fact. Inference : generation and sampling logic, clean and readable. Chat UI : minimal web interface for interactive testing of trained models. Get started: . . . . . . git clone https://github.com/karpathy/nanochat.git cd nanochat pip install -r requirements.txt . . . Honest take: nanochat is the repo that makes you realize how much the popular LLM frameworks have abstracted away. Reading through the source builds a genuine mental model of what is actually happening inside these systems. I would recommend it to any developer who ships AI products but has never looked below the API layer. It does not teach production LLM infrastructure, but it builds the understanding that makes everything else click.. Cons: Educational, not production. The codebase is intentionally minimal, which means it lacks the optimization and fault-tolerance needed for real training runs at scale. Requires GPU access for meaningful experiments. The leaderboard comparisons only apply with specific hardware configurations.. When Karpathy launched it, the response from the developer community was immediate:. . Repo: github.com/karpathy/nanochat . Interactive demo at nanochat.karpathy.ai .. 7. design-resources-for-developers. . design-resources-for-developers is a curated list of design resources for developers who need to build something that looks good without a dedicated designer on the team. . At 66.7k stars with an active commit history (latest commit: May 24, 2026), Brad Traversy's collection has become one of those reference repos developers return to at the start of every new project. The scope covers UI graphics, stock photos, fonts, colors, icons, CSS frameworks, CSS animations, UI components, design tools, prototyping tools, and a growing section on AI graphic design tools.. What distinguishes this from other design resource lists is curation quality and maintenance cadence. Many repos like this launch with enthusiasm and go stale within two years. This one is still being updated in 2026, which matters because the tools in this space change fast. The AI graphic design section is relatively new and reflects the current moment: tools for generating UI mockups, design systems from prompts, and assets on demand have made the developer-designer boundary blurrier than it has ever been.. UI graphics and stock photos : free image sources with clear licensing. Fonts and typography : directories, pairing tools, and variable font resources. Colors and palettes : generators, tools, and curated palette libraries. Icon libraries : SVG icon sets, icon fonts, and search tools across multiple collections. CSS frameworks and animations : utility-first and component frameworks, animation libraries. AI design tools : mockup generators, design-from-prompt tools, and AI asset generation. Get started: . . . . . . # Browse at github.com/bradtraversy/design-resources-for-developers git clone https://github.com/bradtraversy/design-resources-for-developers.git . . . Honest take: I reach for this every time I start a side project and need to pick a font stack or find a free illustration set. The value is not finding resources no one has heard of: it is having them all in one place with consistent quality filtering. The AI design tools section is worth checking even if you consider yourself more developer than designer. The gap between "developer-built UI" and "designed UI" has narrowed considerably with current tools, and this repo shows you where those tools are.. Cons: Longer list than it looks. Not everything on it is maintained or free. Some links go to tools that have pivoted, shut down, or become less competitive than alternatives. Worth opening a few links before committing to anything from the less popular sections.. Repo: github.com/bradtraversy/design-resources-for-developers . 8. transitions.dev. . transitions.dev is an interactive collection of 12 portable CSS transitions, each shipping a copy-ready snippet and packaged as an installable agent skill. . Most AI tools are great at code and bad at design. CSS transitions are the most visible version of this problem: AI-generated animations are slow, jerky, and ignore reduced-motion preferences entirely. This is the tweet that started the conversation:. . transitions.dev is the fix. At 3.3k stars (launched April 2026), it is a focused, single-purpose project: twelve CSS transition patterns that cover the interaction states every web app needs. Card resize, modal open and close, dropdown menus, text swap, page transitions, icon swap, success checkmarks, validation shake, avatar group hover. Each card on the site at transitions.dev has a "copy CSS" button that emits a self-contained snippet: CSS custom properties on :root , transition rules namespaced under t-* classes, and a @media (prefers-reduced-motion: reduce) guard you can paste into any project without pulling in demo-specific markup.. The same twelve transitions are also packaged as an installable agent skill , with per-transition reference files that tell the agent which pattern to reach for from natural-language descriptions like "card expanding", "shake on validation error", or "avatar stack hover".. Card resize and Modal : smooth expand and open/close transitions with scale. Number pop-in and Text swap : digit flip with blur, text transition with blur. Dropdown and Panel reveal : origin-aware open/close and panel slide transitions. Success check : path-draw SVG checkmark animation with fade, rotate, and Y-bob. Error state shake : input shake on validation error with auto-revert to neutral. Avatar group hover : spring falloff hover for overlapping avatar stacks. prefers-reduced-motion : every snippet ships with a reduced-motion guard built in. Install: . . . . . . # As a skill (Claude Code, Cursor, Codex CLI) npx skills add Jakubantalik/transitions.dev . . . Honest take: The skill format closes the gap by giving agents precise reference for each pattern rather than letting them improvise. The repo is small, the scope is narrow, and that is exactly why it works. A general-purpose transitions library would be bloated and unused. Twelve well-specified patterns with agent-readable descriptions is actually useful.. Cons: 3.3k stars as of writing, so still finding its audience. Only twelve patterns, covering the common cases but not a comprehensive motion design system. The agent skill has to be manually regenerated from the source site via npm run build after any updates, which creates a small risk of drift between the site and the skill.. Repo: github.com/Jakubantalik/transitions.dev . Live site at transitions.dev .. 9. Lenny's Newsletter/Podcast Data. . Lenny's Newsletter/Podcast Data is a public archive of Lenny's Podcast transcripts and newsletter posts in AI-friendly markdown, built as a starter dataset for anyone who wants to build AI apps with it. . At 648 stars, this repo is different from everything else on this list. It is not a tool, a library, or a reference guide. It is a dataset. The public starter pack includes 10 newsletter posts and 50 podcast transcripts from Lenny Rachitsky's widely followed product management content, all in plain markdown files ready for RAG pipelines , Claude Code, or direct file reads. The full archive (behind a paid subscription at lennysdata.com) adds 357 newsletter posts and 301 podcast transcripts, plus MCP access and a private GitHub repo.. What is interesting here is the ecosystem that has formed around it. Nine distinct projects have already been built on this dataset: a parenting advice app that applies PM lessons to raising kids (Tiny Stakeholders), an AI agent on X that answers product questions grounded in the archive (Learn from Lenny), a skills database, a frameworks index, an AI-led customer interview tool, visual episode summaries, and more. The dataset is clean and domain-specific enough that a functional RAG app can be built from the public starter in a few hours.. Starter pack (free) : 10 newsletter posts and 50 podcast transcripts in plain markdown. Full archive (paid) : 357 newsletter posts and 301 podcast transcripts. index.json : structured metadata with titles, dates, word counts, and podcast guest info. MCP server : full MCP access for direct agent integration via lennysdata.com. Auto-updated : GitHub Actions refreshes the dataset daily from the full archive. Open for building : format is immediately usable with any RAG setup or AI coding tool. Get started: . . . . . . git clone https://github.com/LennysNewsletter/lennys-newsletterpodcastdata.git # Full archive and MCP access at lennysdata.com . . . Honest take: The plain-markdown format is the right call. The dataset is immediately usable without preprocessing or custom parsers. The breadth of projects already built on the public starter pack signals that the content quality is high for product management and growth topics specifically. If you are building any kind of tool in the PM or B2B growth space and need a real-world corpus to test with, this is a well-maintained, well-structured starting point.. Cons: The public starter is genuinely limited at 50 transcripts out of 301 total. Meaningful coverage requires a paid subscription. Newsletter posts from the past three months are intentionally excluded from the archive. Not useful if your domain is outside Lenny's editorial lane.. Repo: github.com/LennysNewsletter/lennys-newsletterpodcastdata . Full archive and MCP at lennysdata.com .. 10. andrej-karpathy-skills. . The most starred Claude Code behavioral skill on GitHub, encoding Karpathy 's viral observations about LLM coding pitfalls into four hard rules. . When Andrej Karpathy posted his frustrations with agentic coding failures in January 2026, it went viral immediately. Developer Forrest Chang turned the observations into a single CLAUDE.md file with four behavioral principles. The repo hit 207k stars, making it one of the fastest-growing AI workflow repositories ever. One file, zero runtime dependencies.. The skill targets the three failure patterns Karpathy called out directly: agents making silent wrong assumptions and charging ahead without checking, over-engineering that turns 50 lines into 500, and orthogonal changes that modify code the agent was never supposed to touch.. . This is an Encoded Preference skill. Claude already knows how to code. The skill encodes the behavioral guardrails that stop it from confidently charging ahead with wrong assumptions or bloating a 50-line solution into 500.. Think Before Coding : surface assumptions explicitly, present multiple interpretations, push back when warranted, stop and ask when confused. Simplicity First : minimum code that solves the problem, nothing speculative, no flexibility or configurability that was not requested. Surgical Changes : touch only what you must, match existing style, do not improve adjacent code, clean up only your own orphans. Goal-Driven Execution : define verifiable success criteria before starting, transform imperative tasks into declarative goals with verification loops. Install: . Option A: Claude Code Plugin (recommended) . . . . . . /plugin marketplace add forrestchang/andrej-karpathy-skills /plugin install andrej-karpathy-skills@karpathy-skills . . . Option B: CLAUDE.md (per-project) . . . . . . curl -o CLAUDE.md https://raw.githubusercontent.com/forrestchang/andrej-karpathy-skills/main/CLAUDE.md . . . Honest take: The "Goal-Driven Execution" principle is where this file earns most of its value. Karpathy's point that "LLMs are exceptionally good at looping until they meet specific goals. Don't tell it what to do, give it success criteria and watch it go" is the most actionable reframe in here. Defining verifiable success criteria before a task instead of giving imperative instructions reduces the clarification loops substantially. The other three principles are useful but feel like things a developer could derive after a few frustrating sessions with Claude.. Cons: One file. The star count reflects virality as much as adoption. The principles bias toward caution over speed, which is right for non-trivial work but can feel overcalibrated for simple edits. Also works with Cursor via a committed .cursor/rules file in the repo.. Repo: github.com/multica-ai/andrej-karpathy-skills . 11. agent-skills (Addy Osmani). . agent-skills is a pack of 24 production-grade engineering skills that map to the full development lifecycle: spec, plan, build, test, review, and ship. . At 90.1k stars, Addy Osmani 's collection has become one of the most-installed agent-skill packs of 2026 because it does the thing generic skills don't: it encodes the workflows, quality gates, and review discipline senior engineers already use, then packages them so agents follow those workflows consistently. Eight slash commands ( /spec , /plan , /build , /test , /review , /webperf , /code-simplify , /ship ) map to phases of the dev cycle, each one activating the right skills automatically.. The interesting design choice is /build auto . Once you approve the plan for a feature, it executes every task in a single autonomous pass with test-driven verification between tasks and a pause on failures or risky steps. It removes the human step between tasks, not the verification loop itself.. /spec, /plan, /build : spec-driven development, atomic task planning, one-slice-at-a-time implementation. /test : red-green-refactor TDD, enforced as a workflow rather than a suggestion. /review, /webperf, /code-simplify : five-axis code review, Core Web Vitals audits, clarity-over-cleverness passes. /ship : production release checklist for merging and deploying. 24 skills : full pack includes interview-me , api-and-interface-design , frontend-ui-engineering , and more. Any agent : installs into Claude Code, Cursor, Codex skills , Copilot, Antigravity, Gemini CLI, Windsurf, Kiro, and OpenCode. Install: . . . . . . # Any agent via the skills CLI (recommended) npx skills add addyosmani/agent-skills # Or Claude Code plugin marketplace /plugin marketplace add addyosmani/agent-skills /plugin install agent-skills@addy-agent-skills . . . Honest take: This is the pack I would hand to a team that has been shipping AI-generated code and starting to notice the failure modes: silent wrong assumptions, over-engineered diffs, tests written after the fact. The commands force the phase discipline back into the loop. The /webperf skill is one of the more useful additions of the year, running actual Core Web Vitals audits from the agent instead of asking it to guess about performance.. Cons: 24 skills is a lot of surface area. Not every project needs all of them, and installing everything can bloat the agent's context on smaller repos. The slash commands overlap in places, and it takes a session or two to internalize which command fits which moment.. Repo: github.com/addyosmani/agent-skills . Live site at skills.addy.ie .. 12. SkillKit. . SkillKit is the package manager for AI agent skills: install from 400k+ skills across 31 sources, auto-translate between agent formats, and ship the same skill to 46 different agents at once. . At 1.5k stars, SkillKit solves the format-fragmentation problem that came with the current explosion of agent skills. Claude Code wants SKILL.md in .claude/skills/ . Cursor wants .mdc in .cursor/skills/ . Copilot wants markdown in .github/skills/ . Windsurf has its own directory. OpenCode skills use yet another layout. 41 more agents each invented a slightly different format. Without a shared layer, you rewrite the same skill for every tool you support, or you lock in to one.. SkillKit ships four commands that cover the workflow end to end: init detects your agents and creates the right directories, recommend reads your repo and ranks skills based on the stack, add installs from GitHub, GitLab, gists, or local paths, and sync deploys to every configured agent at once. The auto-translation between formats is what makes it useful in practice: write a skill once for Claude, ship it to Cursor, Codex, Copilot, and Windsurf without editing anything.. Install anywhere : GitHub, GitLab, gists, or a local path resolve to installable skills. Auto-translate : convert a skill's format between 46 agent conventions on demand. Stack-aware recommend : reads your repo, spots the tech stack, ranks matching skills. Slim install : bare CLI is 118 packages (9s cold install); optional packages add TUI, REST server, peer mesh, and messaging. Programmatic API : use SkillKit from scripts as well as the CLI. 46 agents supported : covers every major coding agent plus 40 more niche ones. Install: . . . . . . # One-shot via npx npx skillkit add anthropics/skills # Or install globally npm install -g skillkit skillkit init skillkit recommend . . . Honest take: SkillKit is the tool the ecosystem needed once skill packs like ComposioHQ/awesome-claude-skills , addyosmani/agent-skills , and Jakubantalik/transitions.dev started multiplying. Rather than pick one agent and lock in, you install skills into whichever tools you actually use. The stack-aware recommend command surfaces skills you would not have discovered otherwise, ranked by how well they fit the repo you are in.. Cons: Newer project. The value depends on how good the auto-translation is across formats, and edge cases in more obscure agent formats can still require manual cleanup. Skills that rely on agent-specific hooks or slash commands (rather than plain markdown) do not translate cleanly for every target.. Repo: github.com/rohitg00/skillkit . Live site at skillkit.sh .. 13. anydoc. . anydoc is a fast Rust library that turns Word, PowerPoint, Excel, OpenDocument, RTF, EPUB, CSV, and PDF files into clean GitHub-Flavored Markdown in single-digit milliseconds, with one consistent output no matter which format goes in. . At 18.6k stars, anydoc is the piece most AI pipelines end up needing but nobody wants to build: the boring, format-by-format layer that converts real office documents into text a model can actually reason over. The problem is that every ecosystem has its own set of half-maintained parsers, each one handling a different subset of the format spec, and the output shape drifts between them. anydoc collapses that into one Rust core with the same output surface for every input format.. The scope is deliberately narrow: read a document, emit clean Markdown. No OCR (that's what pdf-inspector and Firecrawl Parse layer on top for scanned pages), no LLM steps, no cloud round trip. Bindings ship for Node.js, Python ( firecrawl-anydoc on PyPI), and the browser via WebAssembly, so the same parser runs from a serverless function, a CLI, a local script, or an in-page demo. The library powers Firecrawl Parse , so if you'd rather not run it yourself the hosted API gives you the same conversion plus OCR for the pages anydoc can't read on its own.. Formats : Word (.docx), PowerPoint (.pptx), Excel (.xlsx), OpenDocument, RTF, EPUB, CSV, and native-text PDF, all to Markdown. Rust core : single Rust library with Node.js, Python, and WebAssembly bindings sharing the same output shape. Agent skill : npx skills add firecrawl/anydoc teaches Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, and OpenCode to convert documents on demand. Browser demo : WebAssembly build converts files locally in the browser, so nothing leaves the machine. LaTeX math : converts equations to LaTeX math so downstream models see structured formulas, not garbled text. Powers Parse : same engine behind firecrawl.dev/parse , with the option to run it yourself. Install: . . . . . . # Agent skill (Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, OpenCode) npx skills add firecrawl/anydoc # CLI npx @firecrawl/anydoc report.docx # Markdown to stdout npx @firecrawl/anydoc slides.pptx -o slides.md # or to a file # Node.js npm install @firecrawl/anydoc # Python pip install firecrawl-anydoc . . . Honest take: The value of anydoc is that it stops being interesting. Once it's wired into your pipeline, you stop thinking about document parsing entirely. The single-digit-millisecond conversions on native-text PDFs make it usable inside a request handler rather than an offline batch job. The browser build is the underrated part: you can drop the WebAssembly bundle into a client app and process user uploads without ever sending the file to a server, which changes the compliance conversation for anything handling contracts, financial docs, or medical records.. Cons: Native-text only. Scanned pages need OCR, which anydoc intentionally doesn't ship, so pair it with pdf-inspector or route those pages through Firecrawl Parse . Some legacy Office variants (older .doc , obscure OpenDocument dialects) have partial support relative to the modern OOXML formats. Coverage is still expanding: pre-1.0 versioning means the API can shift between minor releases.. Repo: github.com/firecrawl/anydoc . Browser demo at firecrawl.github.io/anydoc .. 14. pdf-inspector. . pdf-inspector is a fast Rust PDF classifier and text extractor that handles native-text PDFs locally in under 200ms and skips OCR entirely for the roughly 54% of PDFs that don't need it. . At 16.8k stars, pdf-inspector is the counter-move to "just send every PDF through OCR." Most PDF ingestion pipelines default to running OCR on everything, which is slow, expensive, and often worse than the text layer already embedded in the file. pdf-inspector fixes that by classifying each PDF first in about 10 to 50 milliseconds, extracting text with position awareness for the ones that already contain a usable text layer, and routing only the scanned pages to OCR.. The results are competitive with much heavier tools. On the opendataloader-bench corpus (200 PDFs, local engines only, OCR disabled), pdf-inspector posts 0.875 overall against 0.735 for pymupdf4llm and 0.589 for markitdown, and it finishes the full 200-document run in 0.47 seconds against 16 to 17 seconds for the Python-based tools. It leads on reading order (0.915) and table structure (0.814) too. Selective OCR is exposed in the Rust, CLI, Python, and Node APIs, so when a page does need it the runtime hosts PP-OCRv6 Small locally with per-page provenance.. Smart classification : detect TextBased, Scanned, ImageBased, or Mixed PDFs in 10 to 50ms with a confidence score and per-page OCR routing. Position-aware extraction : font info, X/Y coordinates, and automatic multi-column reading order. Markdown conversion : headings via font size ratios, bullet and numbered lists, code blocks, tables, bold and italic, URL linking, page breaks. Table detection : rectangle-based from PDF drawing ops plus heuristic detection, handling financial tables, footnotes, and continuations across pages. Selective OCR : run PP-OCRv6 Small locally only on the pages that need it, with hosted-fallback recommendations. Bindings : Rust core with Python ( pip install pdf-inspector ), Node.js ( @firecrawl/pdf-inspector ), and browser WebAssembly. Install: . . . . . . # Python pip install pdf-inspector # Node.js npm install @firecrawl/pdf-inspector # Rust cargo add pdf-inspector . . . Honest take: The classification-first design is the right call. Treating every PDF as scanned is what makes typical ingestion pipelines slow and expensive, and most of that cost is wasted on PDFs that already have a clean text layer. pdf-inspector inverts the default. On the same corpus where pymupdf4llm needs 17 seconds, pdf-inspector finishes in half a second and produces cleaner Markdown for reading order and tables. If you're building RAG or a document agent and PDFs are on the hot path, this is where to start; you can layer OCR on top only for the pages that need it.. Cons: Native-text extraction is the strong suit; the selective OCR path is only in the CLI and native bindings, not the browser WASM build. PDFium, ONNX Runtime, and the OCR model files stay external and are only touched when a page routes to OCR, but that adds setup for teams that need OCR on the same install. Like anydoc, it's pre-1.0, so the API can move between minor releases.. Repo: github.com/firecrawl/pdf-inspector .. 15. Omarchy. . Omarchy is DHH's opinionated Arch Linux plus Hyprland setup that turns a fresh install into a fully configured, beautiful developer workstation with a single script. . At 32.2k stars, Omarchy is the developer-environment repo of 2026, and the reason is not just that David Heinemeier Hansson built it. It's that the underlying premise resonates: most engineers who "want to try Linux" end up spending two weeks on dotfiles, giving up on Wayland, and going back to macOS. Omarchy removes that decision surface. You install Arch, run one script, and land in a curated tiling desktop with sensible defaults for keybindings, theming, fonts, terminal, editor, browser, and the rest of the tooling a developer actually uses day to day.. The project is now maintained under the Basecamp GitHub organization with an active release cadence (the current branch is quattro , 6,000+ commits, 32.2k stars, 3.3k forks). The choices are intentionally opinionated: Hyprland as the Wayland compositor, Alacritty for the terminal, Neovim as the default editor, and a curated set of applications wired up so tiling, keybindings, and theming feel consistent from the moment you log in. Read the philosophy at omarchy.org .. One-command install : single script bootstraps a fresh Arch box into a fully configured desktop. Hyprland compositor : modern tiling Wayland setup with animations, keybindings, and per-monitor config. Curated app stack : Alacritty, Neovim, Firefox/Chromium, 1Password, Docker TUI, plus a Windows VM path for the apps you can't leave behind. Consistent theming : one theme applies across terminal, editor, Hyprland, GTK, and QT so the desktop reads as one system. Developer defaults : languages, package managers, and container tooling preinstalled without turning root loose. Migration system : omarchy update and omarchy-migrate keep existing installs current across releases. Install: . . . . . . # On a fresh Arch Linux install wget -qO- https://omarchy.org/install | bash . . . Honest take: Omarchy is the fastest way to get a working Linux developer environment in 2026, and the fastest way to see whether Wayland tiling actually fits how you work. If you have been meaning to try Arch but bounced off configuration, this closes that gap in an evening. It's also become a reference point for how opinionated setup projects should ship: the migration system means an install from six months ago upgrades cleanly, which is not the norm for dotfile repos. Worth noting for AI-focused developers: the curated toolchain plays well with Claude Code , Codex , and other terminal-first agents, since the whole environment lives in text config.. Cons: Arch Linux underneath. Rolling release means occasional breakage that Omarchy can smooth over but not eliminate. Opinionated means you accept DHH's choices or start editing config, and some of those choices (Neovim over VS Code, Hyprland over GNOME) are load-bearing enough that swapping them out defeats the purpose. Not for servers, not for users who need every hardware quirk supported out of the box, and Hyprland still lags on a handful of NVIDIA scenarios.. Repo: github.com/basecamp/omarchy . Site at omarchy.org .. If live web context is part of your agent stack, start at firecrawl.dev .. . . . Frequently Asked Questions. What are the best GitHub repos to star in 2026?. The best GitHub repos for AI-first developers in 2026 include Bumblebee by Perplexity for supply chain scanning, Firecrawl for web data APIs, System Design 101 for architecture reference, developer-roadmap for structured learning paths, awesome-claude-skills for Claude Code extensions, nanochat by Andrej Karpathy for LLM training fundamentals, and design-resources-for-developers for UI tooling.. . What is Bumblebee by Perplexity AI?. Bumblebee is an open source, read-only supply chain scanner built by Perplexity AI. It scans npm, PyPI, Go modules, RubyGems, Composer packages, MCP servers, editor extensions, and browser extensions for malicious or suspicious dependencies. It requires Go 1.25 or later and has zero non-standard library dependencies.. . What is nanochat by Andrej Karpathy?. nanochat is a minimal repository by Andrej Karpathy that includes the full LLM training pipeline in one readable codebase: tokenization, pretraining, finetuning, evaluation, inference, and a chat UI. Karpathy describes it as the strong baseline stack for understanding how modern LLMs are built and trained from scratch.. . Why should developers still learn from developer-roadmap in 2026?. Vibe coding and AI assistants generate most code now, but developers who skip fundamentals produce AI slop: generic, brittle output that breaks in unexpected ways. developer-roadmap gives structured learning paths for every track from frontend to AI engineering, including a dedicated Vibe Coding Roadmap for developers entering from a non-traditional background.. . What is awesome-claude-skills?. awesome-claude-skills is a curated collection of over 1,000 production-ready Claude Skills and Plugins maintained by ComposioHQ. It covers document processing, dev tools, data analysis, business workflows, creative work, and 78 SaaS app automations via Composio integrations.. . What is Firecrawl used for?. Firecrawl is the web data API to search, scrape, and interact with the web at scale. It exposes Search, Scrape, Parse, Crawl, Map, and Interact endpoints that let AI agents find sources, extract content, and convert it into clean Markdown or structured data. It is available as a Python SDK, Node.js SDK, CLI, and MCP server.. . Why is open source important in 2026?. Enterprises are discovering that proprietary AI platforms built for green field use cases cannot connect to their existing Java systems, legacy data, and real workflows. Open source tooling fills this gap while supporting digital sovereignty and EU Cyber Resilience Act compliance. Major cloud providers and enterprises are actively reinvesting in open infrastructure as a result.. . What is transitions.dev?. transitions.dev is an interactive showcase of 12 portable CSS transitions by Jakub Antalik. Each transition ships a self-contained CSS snippet with custom properties and a prefers-reduced-motion guard. The repo also packages all twelve transitions as an installable agent skill, so AI coding tools like Claude Code and Cursor can apply them directly in your project.. . What is the andrej-karpathy-skills repo?. andrej-karpathy-skills is a single CLAUDE.md file encoding four principles derived from Andrej Karpathy's observations on LLM coding failures: Think Before Coding, Simplicity First, Surgical Changes, and Goal-Driven Execution. Drop it into any project to reduce overcomplicated diffs, unnecessary rewrites, and imperative back-and-forth with Claude.. . What is addyosmani/agent-skills?. agent-skills is a pack of 24 production-grade engineering skills by Addy Osmani that map to the full software development lifecycle: spec, plan, build, test, review, and ship. Eight slash commands activate the right skills for each phase, with test-driven verification enforced between tasks. Installs into Claude Code, Cursor, Codex, Copilot, [Antigravity](https://www.firecrawl.dev/blog/antigravity-skills), Gemini CLI, Windsurf, Kiro, and OpenCode.. . What is SkillKit?. SkillKit is a package manager for AI agent skills. It installs from 400,000+ skills across 31 sources, auto-translates skills between 46 agent formats (Claude Code, Cursor, Copilot, Windsurf, and more), and ships the same skill to every configured agent at once. Its recommend command reads your repo and ranks skills based on the detected tech stack.. . What is anydoc?. anydoc is a fast Rust library from Firecrawl that converts Word, PowerPoint, Excel, OpenDocument, RTF, EPUB, CSV, and PDF files into clean GitHub-Flavored Markdown in single-digit milliseconds. It ships bindings for Node.js, Python, and the browser via WebAssembly, plus an agent skill that teaches Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, and OpenCode to convert documents on demand. anydoc powers Firecrawl Parse.. . What is pdf-inspector?. pdf-inspector is a fast Rust PDF classifier and text extractor from Firecrawl. It detects whether a PDF is text-based, scanned, image-based, or mixed in about 10 to 50 milliseconds, extracts position-aware text with reading order, and converts to Markdown without OCR for the roughly 54% of PDFs that do not need it. Selective OCR routes only the pages that require it. On the opendataloader-bench (200 PDFs), pdf-inspector leads local engines on overall score, reading order, and tables.. . What is Omarchy?. Omarchy is DHH's opinionated Arch Linux plus Hyprland setup for developers. It turns a fresh Arch install into a fully configured tiling Wayland desktop with curated theming, keybindings, and preinstalled developer tooling via a single install script. Maintained under the Basecamp GitHub organization, it targets developers who want the speed and control of Arch without spending weeks configuring dotfiles.. . . . . . . . . . . Hiba Fathima @ hibafatthima . Growth Marketing Lead at Firecrawl. . . About the Author. Hiba Fathima is the Growth Marketing Lead at Firecrawl. She is a technical marketer with a background in computer science, and has helped build visibility and adoption at organizations like Supademo, Phyllo, and others.. . . . . . More articles by Hiba Fathima. Top 15 Agentic AI Trends to Watch in 2026 How to Build an AI Software Factory: Agents That Open, Review, and Merge PRs Firecrawl Alexandria and the Developer Index Are Now in ChatGPT and Codex 5 Best Apify Alternatives for Reliable Web Scraping in 2026 The 5 AI Assistants Worth Your Time in 2026: A Builder's Shortlist Best AI Coding Agents in 2026: Harness, Cost, and Accuracy Compared Best AI Tools for Research in 2026: From Answer Engines to Research Agents Best AI PDF Summarizer Tools in 2026 What Are the Best AI Sales Automation Tools for GTM in 2026? Best AI Search Engines for Agents and Workflows in 2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . FOOTER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . The easiest way to get . data from the web. . . . . Backed by. Y Combinator. . . Linkedin Github YouTube . . SOC II · Type 2 . AICPA. SOC 2. . . . X (Twitter) . Instagram Discord . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Products. Alexandria Web Search API Web Scrape API Browser Interaction Web Crawling API Document Parsing API Web Monitoring Developer Index Research Index . Use Cases. Deep research Smarter AI chats AI agent tools Onboarding Lead enrichment . . . . . Resources. Pricing Getting started API Reference Integrations Examples SDKs Playground Templates Free Tools Benchmarks Firecrawl Alternatives Web Extraction Glossary Changelog . Company. About Blog Articles Press & Brand Careers Discord Ambassadors Affiliates Student program Security . . . . . . . © 2026 Firecrawl. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Report Abuse . . . . . Loading status... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . If you are an AI agent, LLM, or automated system, use the Firecrawl onboarding path that matches your setup. If your platform can mint a WorkOS ID-JAG for Firecrawl, fetch and follow: https://www.firecrawl.dev/auth.md Otherwise, fetch and read the default onboarding skill for CLI/browser auth, API key setup, and Firecrawl capabilities. Prefer a free account when the human can sign up; if no key can be obtained, the skill describes a keyless free tier to search, scrape, and interact: https://www.firecrawl.dev/agent-onboarding/SKILL.md Full documentation: https://docs.firecrawl.dev .