https://www.firecrawl.dev/blog/best-investment-research-apis

7 Best Investment Research APIs for AI-First Use Cases in 2026 . . Introducing Alexandria and our $75M Series B. Read the announcement → . . . . . . . Products Resources Pricing Docs Blog Playground 187.2K Sign up . . . . . //. Get started. //. . Ready to build?. Start getting Web Data for free and scale seamlessly as your project expands. No credit card needed. . . Start for free See our plans . Are you an AI agent? See setup options . . . Table of Contents. TL;DR: Best Investment Research APIs What are investment research APIs? What can you actually use investment research APIs for? 1. Firecrawl 2. Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) 3. Alpha Vantage 4. Tiingo 5. Massive (formerly Polygon.io) 6. Marketstack 7. OpenBB Building the top investment research APIs into your stack . . . Blog 7 Best Investment Research APIs for AI-First Use Cases in 2026. Hiba Fathima . . . . Sep 24, 2026 (updated) . . . TL;DR: Best Investment Research APIs. . Tool What it does . Firecrawl Finds, scrapes, and structures public company sites, filings, and news into signals, and reaches licensed financial data through Firecrawl Alexandria . Financial Modeling Prep Deep fundamentals, DCF, earnings transcripts, 13F filings . Alpha Vantage 50+ technical indicators and historical time-series data . Tiingo Financial news feed with 70M+ articles and clean EOD data . Massive Real-time market data and WebSocket streams from major exchanges . Marketstack Historical and live data across 70+ global exchanges . OpenBB Open-source agentic workspace that connects all of the above . . Hedge funds are running AI on research pipelines. Banks are using it for transaction monitoring and KYC. Asset managers are wiring it into portfolio surveillance. Anthropic just launched ten agent templates purpose-built for financial services , including pitch builders, earnings reviewers, and KYC screeners. Firms like Citadel, Carlyle, and Walleye Capital are already in production with them. Walleye said 100% of their 400-person hedge fund uses Claude Code. That is not a pilot. That is a real shift.. The question for most teams right now is not whether to use AI. It is what to feed it. For a primer on how AI agents are architected and what makes them production-ready, the linked guide covers agent design, tool calling, and the web context bottleneck.. An agent that reasons over stale data makes stale decisions. A model that hallucinates a revenue figure because it could not access the actual filing is worse than no model at all. LLM grounding , feeding live, cited web data to the model rather than relying on training memory, is the standard pattern for fixing this. The quality of your research stack is not determined by the model you pick. It is determined by the data layer underneath it. Get that right and the model does its job. Get it wrong and you are automating bad analysis.. That is what this post covers. I put together the seven APIs I would wire into a finance AI stack today, across all four data layers: live web and alternative signals, fundamentals, news, and market data. Some of these you probably know. A few you may not. All of them are actually being used in production by the kinds of teams described above.. What are investment research APIs?. . Investment research APIs are programmatic interfaces that give developers and analysts structured access to financial data. They sit between raw market data sources and the applications, models, and dashboards that consume it.. There are four main types:. Market data APIs : Real-time and historical prices, volume, OHLC, and index data from exchanges.. Fundamental data APIs : Balance sheets, income statements, cash flow, earnings transcripts, valuation ratios.. News and sentiment APIs : Structured news feeds, analyst ratings, earnings call transcripts, and macroeconomic indicators.. Alternative data APIs : Web-extracted signals like pricing changes, job postings, regulatory filings, and competitive intelligence scraped from public sources.. Most production research stacks use at least two types. The strongest pipelines combine all four.. What can you actually use investment research APIs for?. . The most common use cases we see finance teams build with tools like these, particularly using the Firecrawl API, MCP, or CLI as the web data layer:. Agentic research pipelines: If you are building an internal LLM agent that triggers scrape calls as part of its reasoning loop, usage is bursty by design. For agents that need to interact with pages directly, the guide to browser agents covers the tools available for autonomous browsing and form interaction. The agent decides how many pages to fetch per query and you cannot predict that ceiling upfront. Firecrawl's credit-based model and high concurrency handles this cleanly without you managing a scraping fleet. Teams building agents for earnings analysis, SEC filing review, and counterparty research use it exactly this way.. Adverse media and KYC screening: Compliance SaaS products serving banks and asset managers need to crawl the open web for negative news about entities. If you were relying on the Google Custom Search API for this, it is deprecated. Firecrawl replaces it with a search endpoint that returns full-page content, not snippets. For clients with strict data handling requirements, Firecrawl supports zero-data retention (ZDR) and is SOC 2 Type 2 certified, which is often the deciding factor for regulated buyers.. Transaction monitoring and AML: Banks running transaction monitoring units crawl the open web at high volume to gather intelligence on counterparties and flag anomalies. This is not a few hundred pages a day. It is millions of pages per month on a continuous basis. Firecrawl scales to this with enterprise SLAs, US data residency options, and the concurrency banks need. ZDR means scraped payloads are never stored on Firecrawl infrastructure, which satisfies most infosec review requirements without a custom data processing agreement.. Hedge fund and quant research: If you are running parallel data collection jobs across a watchlist of hundreds of names, sequential scraping does not work. The tell is concurrency: quant and macro funds running research pipelines need to scrape dozens of sources simultaneously. Firecrawl's high concurrency tiers are built for exactly this pattern.. 1. Firecrawl. . Firecrawl is the web data API to search, scrape, and interact with the web at scale, helping AI agents find sources, extract them into clean structured data, and feed that context into research pipelines, covering the full workflow from Search through Scrape, Parse, Crawl, and Interact. . The signals that actually move research quality are not in a Bloomberg feed. They are buried in a competitor's pricing page that changed overnight, a 10-K buried in SEC EDGAR, a regulatory notice that dropped on a government site, a job posting that signals a new product line before the press release. No vendor sells this. You either build scrapers to get it, or you do not have it.. The problem with building scrapers is that you are now in the infrastructure business. You maintain proxies, handle rendering, fix broken selectors after every site redesign, and debug why your pipeline silently dropped 30% of results last Tuesday. For teams evaluating managed options before committing to a build, the best web scraping APIs comparison covers pricing, reliability, and AI-readiness. Firecrawl replaces that entire stack with a single API that handles the real web: JavaScript-rendered pages, PDFs, dynamic content, and rotating infrastructure built in.. Hundreds of finance teams already use Firecrawl's API, MCP, and CLI for this: building agentic earnings research tools, running KYC adverse media screening pipelines, powering transaction monitoring at banks, and gathering web data at scale for quant and macro funds.. search : Finds fresh, relevant sources from the live web and returns full-page content in one call. For a code-level walkthrough of adding AI-powered web data retrieval to a Python project using search, scrape, and crawl patterns, that post is a useful companion. The entry point for any research workflow. Pass sources=["news"] to get news-focused results, or combine ["web", "news"] to pull both in a single call with separate result sets. See mastering the Firecrawl search endpoint for a full reference. scrape : Turns any URL into token-efficient Markdown or structured JSON, including JS-rendered SPAs, investor relations pages, and paywalled content on the real web. parse : Converts PDFs and investor documents (10-Ks, earnings decks, fund letters) into usable text your agent can reason over. For a broader comparison of PDF parsers for RAG pipelines , that post covers tradeoffs across the main options. crawl : Extracts content from every page of a company site or document library on a schedule, outputting timestamped events you can query. map : Discovers all URLs on a site fast, useful for mapping SEC EDGAR filing indexes or a company's investor relations section before crawling. interact : Handles clicks, form fills, logins, and dynamic pages that scrape alone cannot reach. The browser primitive for hard-to-access data. Firecrawl Alexandria : Add alexandria to a search call's sources and the response lists data tools next to the web results.. For finance that means Fiscal.ai for standardized and as-reported statements, earnings transcripts, and filings lists, Benzinga for financial news and analyst ratings, SEC EDGAR for filings and 13F holdings, FRED and the World Bank for macro series, and the CFTC for Commitments of Traders. Finding a tool costs nothing. Running one is billed at the price the tool lists, and some publishers require an org admin to accept their terms first.. Install: . . . . . . pip install firecrawl-py . . . Example: . . . . . . from firecrawl import Firecrawl firecrawl = Firecrawl (api_key = "fc-..." ) # Search web + news sources together for a portfolio company results = firecrawl . search ( "Tesla Q1 2026 earnings guidance" , limit = 5 , sources = [ "web" , "news" ], scrape_options = { "formats" : [ "markdown" ]} ) # Scrape and parse an investor relations PDF result = firecrawl . scrape ( "https://example-company.com/investors/annual-report-2025.pdf" , formats = [ "markdown" ] ) # Batch monitor a portfolio watchlist results = firecrawl . batch_scrape ([ "https://example-company.com/pricing" , "https://another-company.com/careers" , ], formats = [ "markdown" ]) # Find licensed and official data providers alongside web results found = firecrawl . search ( "Nvidia 10-K filings and earnings transcripts" , sources = [ "web" , "alexandria" ], limit = 5 , ) for tool in found . tools or [] : print (tool.provider, tool.capability, tool.description) . . . Honest take: Firecrawl is not a replacement for a real-time price feed. For structured fundamentals it now has two routes on one API key: Firecrawl Alexandria for standardized statements, filings lists, and holdings from licensed and official providers such as Fiscal.ai and SEC EDGAR, and its own scraping for everything that only exists as web content. That second route fills a genuinely hard-to-fill gap: the qualitative signals that live on public web pages and documents that no vendor has structured for you. If your research edge depends on things like detecting when a portfolio company quietly changes its enterprise pricing or monitoring new SEC filings as soon as they land on EDGAR, this is the tool for it. The free tier gives 1,000 credits a month, enough to prototype a monitoring workflow before committing to a paid plan.. Cons: Firecrawl does not provide real-time tick data or options chains. The licensed financial data it reaches through Firecrawl Alexandria is billed per tool call on top of your Firecrawl credits, and some publishers require an org admin to accept their terms before the first call. For streaming market data use one of the tools lower in this list, and keep Firecrawl for filings, transcripts, press pages, and the structured statements its Firecrawl Alexandria providers cover.. Beyond the API, Firecrawl has an MCP server you can plug directly into Claude, Cursor, Windsurf, or any MCP-compatible tool your team already uses, no custom integration needed. It is also listed among the best MCP servers for developers if you want to see how it fits alongside other MCP tools. There is also a CLI if you want to run scrapes, searches, and crawls from the terminal or wire them into shell scripts and CI pipelines.. Firecrawl also has native integrations with Lovable and n8n , both of which give you 10 extra free credits when you connect. The Lovable integration is particularly useful for finance teams: you can build a fully functional investment research dashboard or portfolio monitoring app without writing a single line of code, just by prompting. For example:. Build me a company monitoring dashboard that uses Firecrawl to scrape the pricing page, careers page, and latest press releases for a list of portfolio companies I provide. Show changes week over week and flag anything new.. Lovable turns that prompt into a working React app with Firecrawl powering the data layer behind it.. Full reference at firecrawl.dev/use-cases/finance-teams . API and integration docs at docs.firecrawl.dev/use-cases/investment-finance .. 2. Financial Modeling Prep (FMP). . Financial Modeling Prep gives developers the deepest publicly available fundamentals API, covering 30+ years of financial statements, DCF calculations, and institutional filings. . FMP is the go-to for teams building equity research tools that need more than price data. It covers income statements, balance sheets, cash flow statements, valuation ratios, and macroeconomic indicators, all queryable by ticker and time period. Two endpoints stand out: earnings transcripts (full text of earnings calls, searchable by company and date) and Form 13F filings (institutional holdings data from fund managers). Both are unusually hard to access through other APIs.. financial-statements : Income statements, balance sheets, and cash flow for global equities in JSON or CSV. earnings-transcript : Full-text transcripts of earnings calls, going back years for major names. discounted-cash-flow : Pre-calculated DCF valuations with customizable assumptions. form-13f : Institutional fund holdings filed with the SEC each quarter. sec-filings : Direct access to 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings indexed by company. technical-indicators : RSI, MACD, Bollinger Bands, and 15+ other indicators alongside price data. Install: . . . . . . pip install financetoolkit # or use FMP's REST API directly with requests pip install requests . . . Example: . . . . . . import requests API_KEY = "your_fmp_key" # Get 5 years of income statements url = f "https://financialmodelingprep.com/api/v3/income-statement/AAPL?limit=20&apikey= { API_KEY } " response = requests . get (url) statements = response . json () # Get the latest earnings call transcript transcript_url = f "https://financialmodelingprep.com/stable/earning-call-transcript?symbol=AAPL&quarter=1&year=2026&apikey= { API_KEY } " transcript = requests . get (transcript_url). json () . . . Honest take: FMP's breadth is hard to match at its price point. The earnings transcripts and 13F filings alone justify the subscription for most fundamental-focused workflows. Coverage is strongest for US equities and drops off noticeably for smaller international names. The free tier works for experimentation but hits rate limits quickly in any production context.. Cons: International coverage is uneven for smaller-cap stocks. Rate limits on lower-tier plans can be a bottleneck for large batch jobs. Some endpoints (like real-time quotes) have a 15-minute delay on free and entry-level plans.. Full reference at financialmodelingprep.com/developer/docs .. 3. Alpha Vantage. . Alpha Vantage is the standard starting point for quant developers who need a deep library of technical indicators and clean historical time-series data without an immediate paid commitment. . Alpha Vantage has built one of the largest freely accessible libraries of technical indicators in any financial API: 50+ built-in calculations including RSI, MACD, Bollinger Bands, and SMA, queryable over time-series data for equities, forex, and crypto. It is frequently cited as the first API quant developers learn and for good reason. The free tier is real and usable for prototyping, and the documentation is thorough enough to get productive within an hour.. TIME_SERIES_DAILY_ADJUSTED : Adjusted historical OHLCV data accounting for dividends and splits. RSI , MACD , BBANDS , EMA : Pre-computed technical indicators with configurable time periods. OVERVIEW : Company fundamentals including P/E, EPS, market cap, and sector. EARNINGS : Quarterly and annual earnings history with surprise percentages. NEWS_SENTIMENT : News articles with sentiment scores for any ticker or topic. REAL_GDP , CPI , FEDERAL_FUNDS_RATE : Macroeconomic data endpoints. Install: . . . . . . pip install alpha_vantage . . . Example: . . . . . . from alpha_vantage . timeseries import TimeSeries from alpha_vantage . techindicators import TechIndicators ts = TimeSeries (key = "YOUR_API_KEY" , output_format = "pandas" ) ti = TechIndicators (key = "YOUR_API_KEY" , output_format = "pandas" ) # Daily adjusted price history data , meta = ts . get_daily_adjusted ( "MSFT" , outputsize = "full" ) # RSI with 14-period window rsi , meta = ti . get_rsi ( "MSFT" , interval = "daily" , time_period = 14 , series_type = "close" ) . . . Honest take: Alpha Vantage is excellent for backtesting and indicator development. The free tier is genuinely useful, not just a demo. The main friction point is the rate limiting: even on paid plans, the request limits can constrain large-scale batch workflows. If you are fetching data for hundreds of tickers in a single job, you will need to throttle aggressively or step up to a higher tier. For individual research and smaller models, it is a reliable and cost-effective choice.. Cons: Rate limits are strict, especially on the free plan (25 API requests per day across all endpoints). Coverage for non-US equities and smaller-cap names can have gaps. Real-time data requires the premium plan.. Full reference at alphavantage.co/documentation .. 4. Tiingo. . Tiingo is a hedge-fund-grade financial API that combines one of the most comprehensive news feeds in the space with clean end-of-day data across 100,000+ assets. . Tiingo is less talked about than Alpha Vantage but consistently preferred by teams that need data they can trust in production. Its error-checking framework audits and monitors all 100,000+ tracked assets for anomalies and missing events, which matters more than it sounds when you are backtesting or building models that depend on clean, adjusted price history. The news API is a particular standout: 70+ million articles spanning 20+ years of historical data, tagged across financial and non-traditional news sources.. end-of-day : Adjusted closing prices for US equities, ETFs, and mutual funds with split and dividend adjustments. intraday : High-frequency intraday data via REST and WebSocket streaming. news : News feed tagged by ticker with 20+ years of historical archive and real-time updates. fundamentals : 20+ years of quarterly and annual financial statements with daily ratio metrics. crypto : Multi-exchange aggregated crypto data with historical intraday history. iex : Real-time IEX data for equities via the same API surface. Install: . . . . . . pip install tiingo . . . Example: . . . . . . from tiingo import TiingoClient config = { "api_key" : "YOUR_TIINGO_KEY" } client = TiingoClient (config) # End-of-day prices prices = client . get_ticker_price ( "TSLA" , startDate = "2025-01-01" , endDate = "2026-01-01" ) # Latest news for a ticker news = client . get_news (tickers = [ "NVDA" ], limit = 50 ) for article in news : print (article[ "title" ], article[ "publishedDate" ]) . . . Honest take: Tiingo's combination of clean price data and a deep news archive is hard to replicate at this price point. Microsoft, tastytrade, and Chainlink use it in production, which says something about reliability. The documentation is dense and the onboarding flow is not as smooth as newer APIs, but the underlying data quality is there. For teams building sentiment models or news-driven signals, the 70M article archive is genuinely rare.. Cons: The developer experience is less polished than newer APIs. Documentation can be scattered across multiple pages. The free plan is limited to personal and non-commercial use, so any production deployment requires a paid subscription.. Full reference at tiingo.com .. 5. Massive (formerly Polygon.io). . Massive is an institutional-grade market data platform providing real-time and historical data for equities, options, forex, and futures with WebSocket streaming and flat-file access. . Polygon.io rebranded to Massive in 2026, but the product is the same one trusted by Google, Revolut, The Motley Fool, and public.com for production financial applications. It is built for teams that need low-latency data at scale: WebSocket feeds for real-time tick data, REST endpoints for historical OHLC and trade data, and flat files for bulk historical downloads. Coverage spans stocks, options, indices, currencies, and futures from major exchanges.. aggs : Aggregate bar data (OHLCV) for any time period from one minute to daily. trades : Real-time and historical trade-by-trade data with timestamp precision. quotes : NBBO quotes and bid/ask spread history. websocket : Real-time streaming for trades, quotes, and second-level aggregates. options : Options chain data with greeks, implied volatility, and open interest. flat-files : Bulk export of entire data sets for loading into data warehouses. Install: . . . . . . pip install massive . . . Example: . . . . . . from massive import RESTClient client = RESTClient ( "YOUR_API_KEY" ) # Aggregate bars for backtesting aggs = [] for a in client . list_aggs ( "AAPL" , 1 , "minute" , "2025-01-01" , "2026-01-01" , limit = 50000 ): aggs . append (a) # Real-time WebSocket connection. See massive.com/docs for current WS API from massive import WebSocketClient ws_client = WebSocketClient (api_key = "YOUR_API_KEY" ) ws_client . subscribe ([ "T.AAPL" , "T.MSFT" ]) . . . Honest take: For real-time trading systems and high-frequency data pipelines, Massive is one of the strongest options available to developers outside the institutional vendor world. The flat-file access is particularly useful for teams that want to load years of tick data into a data warehouse without hammering an API endpoint. The rebrand from Polygon.io is recent and the documentation reflects the transition, so some older tutorials and community posts will reference the Polygon Python client, but the API surface is the same.. Cons: Premium data (real-time quotes, options greeks) is gated to higher-tier plans. The free tier is limited to delayed data. Very small-cap and OTC names have thinner coverage than larger exchanges. Setup for WebSocket streaming requires more engineering overhead than simple REST access.. Full reference at massive.com/docs .. 6. Marketstack. . Marketstack is a developer-friendly market data API covering real-time and historical stock data from 70+ global exchanges with a clean REST interface and transparent pricing. . Marketstack stands out for its global exchange coverage and how little friction it takes to get started. The API uses simple key-based authentication, returns clean JSON, and covers exchanges from NYSE and NASDAQ to LSE, ASX, and 65+ others. It is the right choice when your research spans international equities and you need a single endpoint that works across markets, not a patchwork of exchange-specific feeds.. eod : End-of-day OHLCV data for equities and ETFs across all supported exchanges. intraday : Intraday price data with configurable intervals (1-minute, 5-minute, etc.). tickers : Exchange directory and ticker metadata for 70+ global markets. dividends and splits : Corporate action history for adjusted price calculations. exchanges : Metadata for all supported exchanges including timezone and trading hours. Install: . . . . . . pip install requests # Marketstack uses REST directly . . . Example: . . . . . . import requests params = { "access_key" : "YOUR_MARKETSTACK_KEY" , "symbols" : "AAPL,VOW.XETRA,BHP.XASX" , "date_from" : "2025-01-01" , "date_to" : "2026-01-01" , } response = requests . get ( "https://api.marketstack.com/v2/eod" , params = params) data = response . json () for result in data [ "data" ]: print (result[ "symbol" ], result[ "date" ], result[ "close" ]) . . . Honest take: Marketstack makes international equity research genuinely accessible for small to medium teams. The pricing is transparent and scales predictably, which matters when you are pitching a data budget to a finance team. Real-time data requires the paid plans, and the free tier is useful for testing but not production. For teams focused on US markets only, Massive or Tiingo may offer better depth at a similar cost.. Cons: The free plan is very limited (100 requests/month). Advanced features like options and futures are not covered. Coverage depth for smaller-cap international names can be uneven compared to exchange-native feeds.. Full reference at marketstack.com .. 7. OpenBB. . OpenBB is an open-source agentic workspace for investment research that connects market data, fundamental data, and alternative signals into a single AI-ready platform. . OpenBB started as an open-source Bloomberg Terminal alternative and has evolved into something more interesting: an agentic research workspace where investment teams connect their own data sources, licensed feeds, and AI models into customizable dashboards and workflows. It is not an API that provides data itself, but a platform that standardizes how you access and combine the APIs above. The OpenBB Workspace supports on-prem deployment for teams with data privacy requirements, which is a meaningful differentiator for buy-side firms.. OpenBB Workspace : Customizable research dashboard that connects structured and unstructured data sources. Open Data Platform (ODP) : Open-source connector layer for integrating proprietary and licensed financial data. App Marketplace : Community-built apps for portfolio analysis, screeners, and custom workflows. AI agent integration : Bring-your-own-agent environment for deploying custom LLM-based research tools. Snowflake Native App : Run OpenBB directly inside a Snowflake environment for warehouse-native analytics. Install: . . . . . . pip install openbb . . . Example: . . . . . . from openbb import obb # Equity quote using the OpenBB unified interface quote = obb . equity . price . quote ( "AAPL" , provider = "fmp" ) # Load news using a configured news provider news = obb . news . company (symbol = "NVDA" , limit = 20 , provider = "tiingo" ) # Fetch financial statements income = obb . equity . fundamental . income ( "MSFT" , period = "annual" , provider = "fmp" ) . . . Honest take: OpenBB is the right choice if you are building a research stack from scratch and want a unified interface rather than managing five separate API clients. The open-source core is production-quality and the Workspace product has matured significantly. The main caveat is that it is a platform, not a data provider: the quality of your data depends on which providers you connect. If you are already invested in a specific data vendor, OpenBB makes that data easier to access and combine, it does not replace the need to subscribe to the underlying feeds.. Cons: Setup requires configuring API keys for each underlying data provider you want to use. The full workspace product (OpenBB Pro) is a paid service beyond the open-source CLI. Some community-built apps and connectors are less maintained than the core product.. Full reference at openbb.co .. Building the top investment research APIs into your stack. . The combination that works for most research teams is: Firecrawl for alternative and qualitative signals, FMP or Alpha Vantage for fundamentals, Tiingo or Massive for price and news data, and OpenBB as the interface layer that connects them. You do not need all seven for a first version. Start with the layer that fills your biggest current gap.. If your research already has strong price and fundamental coverage but weak alternative data, Firecrawl is the highest-leverage addition. It is the web data API built for AI agents, the part of your stack that handles everything structured data providers do not cover. Qualitative signals from web data, job postings, pricing changes, and regulatory filings are the hardest signals to buy from a vendor and the most differentiated when you have them. The Firecrawl finance use case page has a detailed breakdown of how investment teams are using it in production today.. For teams earlier in the stack-building process, FMP is worth starting with because its breadth (fundamentals, transcripts, 13F filings, and technical indicators in one API) lets you validate a lot of research hypotheses before you need to add specialized data sources. From there, Tiingo's news archive and clean EOD data add the sentiment and price layers.. If you are building a broader AI research agent, the best deep research APIs guide covers how to combine web extraction and structured data sources in agentic workflows. The OpenAI Agents and Firecrawl walkthrough shows a worked example of wiring these tools together specifically for investment research, earnings analysis, and financial news pipelines. The best news API comparison goes deeper on news feed options if sentiment signals are central to your strategy. For private company intelligence specifically, the company funding data API benchmark covers 17 providers tested on latest-stage accuracy and freshness, which matters when funding announcements are part of your research signal.. . . . Frequently Asked Questions. What is an investment research API?. An investment research API is a programmatic interface that gives analysts and developers access to financial data such as stock prices, earnings reports, alternative signals, news sentiment, and company fundamentals. These APIs power screeners, dashboards, quant models, and AI-driven research workflows.. . What types of data do investment research APIs provide?. They cover four main categories: market data (real-time prices, volume, OHLC), fundamental data (balance sheets, income statements, DCF models), news and sentiment (earnings transcripts, analyst ratings, news feeds), and alternative data (web scraping, job postings, pricing intelligence, regulatory filings).. . What APIs do I need to build a multi-agent investment research system?. A multi-agent research stack typically combines three layers: a web data API like Firecrawl to give agents live access to public sources, filings, and news; a fundamentals API like FMP for structured financial history; and a market data API like Tiingo or Massive for prices and intraday feeds. Each agent in the system handles a discrete task: one fetches and cleans web data, another queries financials, another synthesizes. They pass structured outputs between each other rather than sharing a single context window.. . Can AI agents replace a Bloomberg Terminal?. For many workflows, yes. AI agents paired with financial data APIs can replicate the core jobs analysts do on a terminal: pulling earnings data, running comps, monitoring news, screening equities, at a fraction of the cost. The gap is in proprietary Bloomberg data (certain bond data, real-time exchange feeds with Bloomberg licensing) and the depth of its historical archive. OpenBB is explicitly designed as an open alternative, and combining FMP, Tiingo, and Firecrawl covers most of what a research analyst actually uses day to day.. . How do I prevent AI hallucinations in financial research workflows?. Ground every LLM response in live, cited sources rather than relying on model memory. The standard pattern is RAG: use a web data API like Firecrawl to retrieve current source documents, pass them as context to the model, and require the model to cite the source URL in its output. Firecrawl preserves the origin URL on every extracted record, which gives compliance and risk teams an audit trail back to the raw source. For structured financials, pull live data from FMP or Alpha Vantage rather than asking the model to recall figures from training data.. . How do these APIs integrate with existing analyst tools like Excel or Copilot?. Most of the APIs in this list expose REST endpoints or Python SDKs that pipe data into any downstream tool. For Excel specifically, you can use Python scripts or Power Query to pull from FMP or Alpha Vantage directly into a workbook. OpenBB has a Snowflake Native App and direct warehouse integrations. Firecrawl has native integrations with Lovable and n8n, so you can wire up a no-code monitoring workflow that feeds into whatever dashboard or spreadsheet your team already uses.. . Do investment research APIs cover private markets and ESG data?. Coverage varies significantly. For public equities, FMP, Alpha Vantage, and Tiingo all provide strong fundamentals and price history. For private markets, the structured data is sparse. Most private company intelligence comes from web sources: funding announcements, job postings, press releases, and data room documents. Firecrawl is commonly used to extract this unstructured private market signal from public web sources. For ESG specifically, MSCI and Morningstar are the institutional standard, but Firecrawl can supplement them by pulling ESG disclosures, sustainability reports, and regulatory filings that are not yet in a structured feed.. . Is there a free investment research API?. Several options have free tiers. Alpha Vantage offers a free API key with rate-limited access to historical and technical indicator data. Financial Modeling Prep has a free plan for basic endpoints. Firecrawl has a free tier with 1,000 credits per month for web-based financial data extraction.. . What is alternative data in investment research?. Alternative data refers to non-traditional signals used to supplement price and fundamental data. Examples include job posting trends, pricing page changes, web traffic patterns, adverse media, and regulatory monitoring. Firecrawl is commonly used to extract this kind of qualitative signal from public websites at scale, including use cases like KYC adverse media screening, transaction monitoring, and portfolio company surveillance.. . Can I use these APIs for automated trading?. APIs like Massive (formerly Polygon.io) and Tiingo provide real-time and intraday data suitable for algorithmic trading systems. Fundamental and alternative data APIs like FMP and Firecrawl are more suited to research and longer-horizon signals rather than high-frequency trading.. . Can Firecrawl return structured financial statements, or only scraped web content?. Both, since September 2026. Through Firecrawl Alexandria, a search call with alexandria in sources returns finance data tools next to the web results, including Fiscal.ai for standardized and as-reported statements, earnings transcripts, and filings lists, SEC EDGAR for filings and 13F holdings, FRED and the World Bank for macro series, Benzinga for financial news and analyst ratings, and the CFTC for Commitments of Traders. Each tool lists its inputs and price in credits, and the agent runs it through the scrape endpoint with an alexandria block in place of a URL.. . How does Firecrawl Alexandria compare with calling Fiscal.ai or SEC EDGAR directly?. The data is the same, but it arrives through the Firecrawl API key and SDK you already use, with one request shape and one bill. The agent discovers the provider through search, reads a contract that lists required inputs, the response shape, and the price in credits, and pays that price from Firecrawl credits. Some licensed publishers require an organization admin to accept their terms once before the first call. Real-time tick data and options chains are still the job of a dedicated market data API.. . . . . . . . . . . Hiba Fathima @ hibafatthima . Growth Marketing Lead at Firecrawl. . . About the Author. Hiba Fathima is the Growth Marketing Lead at Firecrawl. She is a technical marketer with a background in computer science, and has helped build visibility and adoption at organizations like Supademo, Phyllo, and others.. . . . . . More articles by Hiba Fathima. Top 15 Agentic AI Trends to Watch in 2026 How to Build an AI Software Factory: Agents That Open, Review, and Merge PRs Firecrawl Alexandria and the Developer Index Are Now in ChatGPT and Codex 5 Best Apify Alternatives for Reliable Web Scraping in 2026 The 5 AI Assistants Worth Your Time in 2026: A Builder's Shortlist Best AI Coding Agents in 2026: Harness, Cost, and Accuracy Compared Best AI Tools for Research in 2026: From Answer Engines to Research Agents Best AI PDF Summarizer Tools in 2026 What Are the Best AI Sales Automation Tools for GTM in 2026? Best AI Search Engines for Agents and Workflows in 2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . FOOTER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . The easiest way to get . data from the web. . . . . Backed by. Y Combinator. . . Linkedin Github YouTube . . SOC II · Type 2 . AICPA. SOC 2. . . . X (Twitter) . Instagram Discord . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Products. Alexandria Web Search API Web Scrape API Browser Interaction Web Crawling API Document Parsing API Web Monitoring Developer Index Research Index . Use Cases. Deep research Smarter AI chats AI agent tools Onboarding Lead enrichment . . . . . Resources. Pricing Getting started API Reference Integrations Examples SDKs Playground Templates Free Tools Benchmarks Firecrawl Alternatives Web Extraction Glossary Changelog . Company. About Blog Articles Press & Brand Careers Discord Ambassadors Affiliates Student program Security . . . . . . . © 2026 Firecrawl. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Report Abuse . . . . . Loading status... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . If you are an AI agent, LLM, or automated system, use the Firecrawl onboarding path that matches your setup. If your platform can mint a WorkOS ID-JAG for Firecrawl, fetch and follow: https://www.firecrawl.dev/auth.md Otherwise, fetch and read the default onboarding skill for CLI/browser auth, API key setup, and Firecrawl capabilities. Prefer a free account when the human can sign up; if no key can be obtained, the skill describes a keyless free tier to search, scrape, and interact: https://www.firecrawl.dev/agent-onboarding/SKILL.md Full documentation: https://docs.firecrawl.dev .