https://www.getbaraka.com/press

baraka in the Press | News & Media Coverage Product . div]:min-w-0" data-astro-cid-mq3pp5jd> Product . US Stocks · Closed . GCC Stocks · Closed . Options . Metals . Private Markets . . Learn . US Stocks Overview . GCC Stocks Overview New . Options Overview . Metals Overview . . Explore . See All 10,000+ Assets . Top Movers . Dividends . ETFs . Themes . . Market News . Today's Market . Spotlight . Learn . Blog . . . . . . Features Subscription Market News . English العربية . Search 10,000+ assets Get the App Start for Free . Search 10,000+ assets . Search 10,000+ assets . . . . . . Press & Media . . . baraka in the news. Read what leading publications are saying about us. . . . As featured in . . . Valar Ventures backs online brokerage platform baraka in its $20M round . Read article . . Meet the 'Robinhood of the Middle East' - a platform making it easier for people in the region to invest in the US stock market . Read article . . Generation Start-up: baraka plans to tap into the GCC's retail investor revolution with a focus on community . Read article . . baraka unveils waitlist stock giveaway ahead of full platform launch . Read article . . How UAE's baraka is bringing investing closer to the region's millennials . Read article . . UAE-based US stocks trading app baraka expects second quarter launch . Read article . . Dubai investment app offers new users free stock, CEO talks GameStop, Robinhood . Read article . . Public vs. Robinhood: Competitors take aim at biggest retail trading app . Read article . . baraka launches trading app, raising $1 million . Read article . . baraka raises pre-seed round for trading platform . Read article . . baraka unveils commission-free US investment platform for the region . Read article . . . . Media Inquiries . For press inquiries, interview requests, or brand assets, please reach out to our communications team. . press@getbaraka.com . . . . Investing with baraka Starts Here . . . . Company. About Us . Contact Us . FAQs . Press . Glossary . Careers . Market Hours . Ambassador . . Product. US Stocks . GCC Stocks . Options . Metals . Private Markets . baraka AI . Income Center . Auto-Invest . Investor Calendar . Stock Analysis & Reports . Dividend Reinvestment Plan . Sharia Screener . Subscription . . Learn. US Stocks Overview . GCC Stocks Overview . Options Overview . Metals Overview . What is a stock? . What is an ETF? . Dividend 101 . What is a P/E Ratio? . . Explore. See All 10,000+ Assets . Top Movers . Dividends . ETFs . Themes . Sectors . Market News . Spotlight . Blog . Learn . . Popular Assets. Nvidia (NVDA) . SP Funds S&P 500 (SPUS) . Apple (AAPL) . Tesla (TSLA) . Hims & Hers (HIMS) . AMD (AMD) . Alphabet (GOOGL) . Microsoft (MSFT) . Vanguard S&P 500 (VOO) . Amazon (AMZN) . . Legal & Regulatory. Terms & Conditions . Privacy Policy . Sharia Compliance Certificate . . . . العربية . © baraka financial limited. All rights reserved. Baraka Financial Limited ("Baraka") is registered in the Dubai International Financial Centre ("DIFC") and is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority ("DFSA"). It holds a Category 3C license with a Retail Client and a Holding and Controlling Client Assets endorsement. Baraka is a wholly owned subsidiary of Baraka Technology Holding in Abu Dhabi Global Market. Baraka shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any general information provided by Baraka or as may be available on Baraka’s website and other web-based services (collectively, the "Website Services"). Your investment can fluctuate, so you may get back less than you invested. Baraka does not warrant that the information is accurate, reliable or complete or that the supply will be without interruptions. Any third-party information provided through the Website Services does not reflect the views of Baraka. The content of the Website Services provided by Baraka is only intended to provide you with general information and is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase any security and may not be relied upon for investment purposes. Any commentaries, articles, daily news items, public and/or private chat publications, stock analysis and/or other information contained in the Website Services should not be considered investment advice. Baraka shall not be liable for any delay, inaccuracy, error or omission of any kind in the information provided by Baraka and/or any third-party information provider or for any resulting loss or damage you may suffer as a result of or in connection with the information supplied by Baraka and/or any third-party information provider. In addition, Baraka shall have no liability for any losses arising from unauthorized access to information or any other misuse of information. Any opinions, news, research, analysis, prices, or other information contained on our Website Services, or emailed to you, are provided as general market commentary and do not constitute investment advice. Baraka will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including, without limitation, any loss of profit which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance on such information. Each decision as to whether an investment is appropriate or proper is an independent decision by you. You agree that Baraka has no fiduciary duty to you and is not responsible for any liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with you following Baraka’s generic investment information. Baraka holds a DFSA Islamic Window endorsement and offers Shariah-compliant services to eligible clients through its Islamic Window, which operates under the oversight of Baraka’s Shariah Supervisory Board. Shariah compliance screening data displayed on the Baraka Platform is sourced from a third-party data provider and is provided for reference purposes only. It does not constitute a fatwa, Shariah ruling, or personal religious advice. Baraka makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of screening data, and compliance status may not reflect a company’s most current financial position. Shariah screening applies to individual equities and ETFs only and does not extend to Bonds or Options. Clients are solely responsible for ensuring their investment choices are consistent with their personal religious obligations. Those seeking a personal ruling should consult a qualified Islamic scholar. . . . . We use cookies to personalize content, run ads, and analyze traffic. Read our Cookie Policy . . Understood . . .