https://www.weflywright.com/company/about

About | Wright Electric Wright Launches DenseGen 3750 Containerized Genset . Home PRODUCTS. . . DYNAMO DENSEGEN MOTOR . cOMPANY. . . COMPANY NEWS CAREERs CONTACT . C-130 White Paper . . . Power systems for aerospace and defense, from operational expeditionary generators to multi-megawatt airborne propulsion.. . . Wright Electric is a U.S.-based aerospace and defense company building advanced power systems for military and aviation applications. From 30 kW expeditionary generators (Dynamo) to multi-megawatt airborne propulsion (WM2500), Wright develops the motors, generators, inverters, and batteries that enable next-generation defense capabilities. Founded in 2016 and headquartered in Malta, NY, Wright works with the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marine Corps, NASA, ARPA-E, FAA, and major aerospace primes to bring these systems to operational use.. . . . Our Mission. Wright Electric builds power systems that solve fundamental challenges across defense, aerospace, and commercial markets. For defense users, our technology enables Agile Combat Employment, distributed basing, expeditionary operations, and next-generation airborne mission systems, supporting the multi-megawatt power architectures required for advanced electronic warfare, directed energy, and resilient communications. For commercial and industrial customers, our high-power-density inverter generators and containerized turbogenerators support data center backup, oil and gas operations, construction sites, and hybrid power systems. Across both markets, Wright's technology reduces logistics burden, increases efficiency, and delivers power density where existing solutions fall short.. . . . World-class engineering meets a vision for sustainable flight . Wright was founded in 2016 by Jeff Engler, is a serial entrepreneur who had long been concerned about reducing his own carbon footprint. He realized that air travel is a huge contributor to emissions, comprising up to three-quarters of a frequent traveler’s carbon footprint, and decided to do something about it. Jeff hired top engineers from companies like Boeing, GE and Bombardier to build Wright’s electric propulsion system.. . . . Zero emissions up to 800 miles. The Wright 1 will make all short flights under 800 miles free of carbon emissions, in the U.S. and globally.. . . . . . . . . . . . . San Francisco. → Seattle: 679 miles. → Las Vegas: 414 miles. . . Houston. → Atlanta: 696 miles. . . New York. → Washington D.C.: 213 miles. → Chicago: 740 miles. . . Chicago. → Minneapolis: 334 miles. → Washington D.C.: 612 miles. → Atlanta.: 606 miles. . . . . Our Leadership. We've brought together the brightest minds in aerospace and electrical engineering to make zero-emissions flight a reality.. . . Jeff Engler. Founder, CEO. . Colin Tschida. Head of Powertrain . . . Earl Fairall. Director of Electric Machines. . . . . Our Team. We've brought together the brightest minds in aerospace and electrical engineering to make zero-emissions flight a reality.. . . . Aaron Rowe. Staff Engineering Manager, Batteries . Aaron has twelve years of experience working in a wide range of startup companies, almost always at the interface of chemistry and computers. As a graduate student, he led the development of an open source electrochemistry instrument. He has been granted patents on a waterless washing machine, a baby food, and several different medical diagnostic devices. In the course of developing those products, he became an expert in computer vision and sourcing hard-to-find materials. He has a BS in Materials Science and Engineering from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign and a PhD in Chemistry from the University of California Santa Barbara. . . . . Andrew Wright. Mechanical Engineer. Andrew developed a passion for electric powertrains during college, where he found the synergy between electrical and mechanical systems intriguing. With experience in the design and integration of powertrain components, he brings valuable expertise in areas such as FEA analysis, power electronics integration, and systems engineering and testing. Before joining Wright Electric, he spent more than 4 years as a Sr. Systems Engineer at General Dynamics Mission Systems. Andrew earned his BS in Mechanical Engineering from Rochester Institute of Technology.. . . . Anup Deka. Power Electronics Engineer. Anup has experience working on site for electrifying rural households in the beautiful hills of North-East India. He has seen families living in adverse conditions without electricity. This sparked his interest in renewable and clean energy and how the new green technology can be made easily accessible to every person. He has worked on Power Energy Conversion Lab assisting research scholars on projects on smart grids. As a Power Electronics Engineer at Wright Electric his prime focus would be to work on various power converter topologies for high efficiency. Anup recently graduated with a Master of Science in Electrical & Electronics Engineering from the University of Houston and had been an Electrical Hardware Test Engineer at L&T Technology Services.. . . . Ben Hertzberg. Senior Energy Storage Engineer. Ben has more than a decade of experience in the battery industry, working in applications varying from electric vehicles and grid storage to aerospace and medical devices. As a graduate student, he published some of the first papers on silicon anodes for Li-ion batteries. He has been granted patents on a variety of different battery and electrochemical technologies. He has also developed innovative quality control and data science techniques for working with batteries. He has a BS in Materials Science and Engineering from Cornell University and a PhD in Materials Science and Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology.. . . . Brittany Hertzog. Chief of Staff. Brittany Hertzog serves as Chief of Staff at Wright, where she partners with leadership to drive strategic initiatives, operational excellence, and cross-functional execution. She brings nearly 20 years of experience spanning operations, program management, compliance, and organizational strategy across government, national security, and high-growth technology organizations. Brittany holds an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is passionate about building scalable processes that enable engineering and operations teams to move quickly and efficiently.. . . . Colin Tschida. Chief Technology Officer. Colin has extensive experience with thermal and mechanical analysis, fluid dynamics, and prototype manufacturing, accrued during his university career, in addition to his direct industry experience as a senior scientist at ABB U.S. Corporate Research. During this six-year period, Colin led development and analysis of novel electric motor designs, developed new concepts for motor and power electronics cooling and packaging, and led prototyping for diverse projects. He has experience in supply chain and team management, and has taught courses in thermodynamics, fluid mechanics and heat transfer. He has a BA in physics from Grinnell College and MS/PhD in Mechanical Engineering from North Carolina State University.. . . . Deborah Wilson. Lab Technician. Deb joined the team in early 2023 and quickly transformed the Wright lab. Prior to joining Wright, she spent over a decade at Global Foundries as a maintenance technician and held positions at Cambridge Valley Machine, Plasan North America, and Granite. Deb's passion for fixing things goes beyond the Wright lab as in her spare time you can find her renovating properties or in her garage repairing cars. . . . . Earl Fairall. Director of Electric Machines. Earl has a strong background in both hybrid and electric vehicle systems and in successful startups. He has been designing, building, and testing electric motors for 15 years. Prior to joining Wright, he was the sixth member of Silicon Valley green-tech startup Turntide Technologies, which sells ultra-high efficiency electric machines to commercial HVAC applications.In June 2022, Turntide became a unicorn, achieving a $1B pre-IPO valuation. Earl enjoys the dynamic energy of startups, and is known to mold into critical roles as required. Earl has a BS in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering from Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago and a PhD in Mechanical Engineering from McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.. . . . Eric Alexandrescu. Senior Chemical Engineer. Eric is a chemical engineer who is passionate about electrochemical applications for advancing clean or renewable energy. Prior to Wright, Eric worked at Largo Clean Energy as an electrochemical test engineer and consultant, researching vanadium redox flow batteries (VRFBs). He holds a B.Sc. in mechanical engineering from the University of Connecticut and is pursuing an M.Sc. in chemical engineering from Columbia University.. . . . Ethan Grey. Senior Electrical Engineer. Ethan discovered an interest in embedded engineering in his college career, as he found the interaction between software and hardware fascinating. Before joining the team at Wright, Ethan worked as a test technician on the low-voltage side for SEPSA Medha, where he tested and repaired electronics for trains. Ethan holds a B.S in Electrical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.. . . . Frank Huang. Chief Engineer, Power Electronics. Frank has dedicated his career to power electronics for electric vehicle (EV) applications, with extensive expertise spanning both system- and component-level development. He has led and contributed to the development of numerous products that have been successfully launched into the EV market. His experience includes working with automotive OEMs, major Tier 1 suppliers, and innovative start-ups, providing him with a broad perspective across the industry. He has held progressive engineering and leadership roles, including Product Engineer, Technical Specialist, and Chief Engineer. Frank holds a Ph.D. in Power Electronics and Electric Drives from the University of Bath, U.K., and combines deep technical expertise with a proven track record of bringing advanced technologies from concept to production. . . . Harry Steenbakkers. Mechanical Engineer. Harry has always had a strong interest in building things, leading him to gaining his degree in Mechanical Engineering at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Before joining Wright, Harry was an automotive test engineer at Multimatic known for their subcontracts on high performance models for Ford, Ferrari, Aston Martin, Mercedes, and more. He also worked at Core Tech Industrial Corporation as a Product Line Leader working alongside GE for gas and steam turbines. Along with his career in mechanical engineering, much of Harry's non-work time is spent modifying his cars and boats for racing.. . . . Jeff Engler. Founder & CEO. Jeff Engler is CEO of Wright Electric. Wright develops advanced power systems for military, aviation, and industrial applications. Jeff previously co-founded Podimetrics, a medical device company that raised $70M+ in venture funding. He incubated Wright through a Harvard University fellowship and led Wright through Y Combinator. Jeff has undergraduate and graduate degrees from Columbia and Harvard.. . . . JP Lien. Director of Electrical Engineering. JP designs and implements embedded hardware and software systems as part of the Power Electronics Team at Wright. He previously spent 10 years developing sonar systems for SeaLandAire Technologies, working at every stage of R&D, from system-level conceptual modeling to implementation, testing, and on to data processing, analysis, and reporting. JP was a Research Scientist at Teledyne Scientific, where he developed target tracking algorithms, and a Staff Engineer at Analytical Mechanics Associates, where he oversaw aircraft and spacecraft modeling and control. He holds a BS degree in Computer Engineering and Mathematics from Virginia Tech, an MSEE from the University of Illinois, and a PhD in Mechanical Engineering (Electromechanical Systems) from North Carolina State University.. . . . Muhammad Nauman. Model-Based Controls Engineer. Muhammad Nauman develops advanced control systems, particularly Model Predictive Control (MPC), for power electronics applications at Wright Electric. He is passionate about applying mathematics to solve real-world engineering problems. He earned his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Houston, specializing in power electronics and control systems. His doctoral research focused on developing computationally efficient predictive control algorithms for power electronics systems, enabling the real-time implementation of Model Predictive Control on low-cost digital hardware.. . . . Peter Kurowski. Propulsion Lead. Peter is a highly experienced propulsion engineer, who for over a decade, held multiple design and analysis-related engineering positions at Roll Royce, GE Aviation, and Safran, as well as at smaller companies and startups. He has been a key team member on multiple turbofan/turboshaft engines, turbochargers, micro gas turbines and power generators for Airbus & Sikorsky, and on electric propulsion motors for Boeing and for Bell. He holds a BSC in Control Engineering & Robotics and an MSc in Production Engineering from the AGH University of Science and Technology in Cracow, Poland.. . . . Phil Domic. Electrical Engineer. Driven by a relentless curiosity and a desire to push the boundaries of what's possible in the realm of electrical engineering, Philip continues to explore new avenues for growth and innovation here at Wright. He holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from Penn State University, where he focused his studies in power systems, power electronics, and controls. Prior to his career at Wright, Philip played a pivotal role in the development and optimization of electric propulsion technology as a Systems Engineer at General Dynamics.. . . . Ravi Kumar Gaddala. Senior Electrical Engineer. Ravi Kumar Gaddala (Senior Member, IEEE) received the M.Tech. degree in Power Electronics and Drives from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Mandi, India, and the Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Houston, Houston, Texas, USA. Prior to joining Wright, he worked as a Principal Power Electronics Engineer at Johnson Controls, PA, USA. He is currently a Senior Electrical Engineer at Wright, where he is involved in the design, development, validation, and testing of high-power inverter systems and power electronic hardware for next-generation electric aircraft propulsion.. . . . Shannon Hanson. HR Leader. Shannon Hanson brings a strategic, business-focused approach to building the people, leadership, and organizational capabilities that support Wright’s continued growth. She draws on more than 10 years in the semiconductor industry, including complex, global manufacturing environments, to bring a grounded perspective to HR. She serves as a trusted advisor to leadership on HR strategy and organizational effectiveness, with a focus on advancing talent strategy, shaping culture, and building the people practices and infrastructure that support long-term success. She holds a BA in Psychology from Southern New Hampshire University and an MA in Psychology from Brandman University.. . . . Srikanth Basa. Senior Embedded Firmware Engineer. Basa is a firmware engineer at Wright working on Genset and 2.5MW motor control systems. He brings over 15 years of embedded firmware experience from the automotive industry, spanning powertrain controls, electrification, virtual key technology, and safety-critical software development, built over a career at Robert Bosch (Bosch India, ITK Engineering, and Robert Bosch LLC). He holds US Patent for a UWB-based vehicle access system and a BS in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India. . . . . Zachary Clark. Software Engineer. As a child, Zachary was interested in computers and electronics, often telling his mom he was "going to build a hoverboard that runs on electromagnetic energy". While he hasn't accomplished that (yet), he became interested in the software side of computing, starting by making add-ons for his favorite games. Zachary then went on to earn a B.S. in Computer and Information Science from SUNY Polytechnic Institute. Before joining Wright, he worked as an Application Analyst at InfoEd Global.. . . . Zeyad Menesy. Electrical Engineer. From an early age, Zed had a strong curiosity about electricity, vividly remembered for his mother’s yells against putting forks in the power outlet. Before joining Wright as an Electrical Engineer, focusing on power electronics, Zed was an automation engineer at Algoma Steel in Sault Ste Marie, Ontario (so he is well acquainted with winter weather). Before that he was studying Electrical engineering at Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario and co-oping at GaN systems as an applications engineer.. . . . . . . Our Partners. We have strategic partnerships with the U.S. government, airlines, and aviation suppliers.. . . . . . Our Investors. We work with the world's leading investors.. . . . . . Subscribe to Updates. Thank you! Your submission has been received!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.. . . Blog Posts. . . . . . . Home Mission Careers Contact White Paper . contact@weflywright.com. ‍. 107 Hermes Rd, Suite 125. Malta, NY 12020. ‍. © Wright Electric Inc., 2026. All rights reserved.. . .