https://smartasset.com/financial-advisor/fisher-investment-management-review

Fisher Investments Review | SmartAsset.com . . Loading. . . . . . . Mortgage Calculators. Mortgage Calculator . Closing Costs Calculator . Cost of Living Calculator . How Much House Can I Afford? . Refinance Calculator . Mortgage Lender Reviews. Rocket Mortgage Review . Better Mortgage Review . AmeriSave Mortgage Review . More Lender Reviews . . Compare Rates. Mortgage Rates . 30-Year Mortgage Rates . 15-Year Mortgage Rates . 7/1 Arm Mortgage Rates . 5/1 Arm Mortgage Rates . 3/1 Arm Mortgage Rates . Compare Refinance Rates . . Helpful Guides. Home Buying Guide . Veteran Home Buying Guide . Refinance Guide . Learn More. How Much You Should Charge for Rent . Avoid These Early Mortgage Payoff Mistakes . How to Buy Land . Down Payment Gifts . . . . Taxes Calculators. Paycheck Calculator . Income Tax Calculator . Property Tax Calculator . Tax Return Calculator . Retirement Taxes Calculator . . Helpful Guides. Tax Guide . Tax Software Reviews. Best Free Tax Software . H&R Block Review . Jackson Hewitt Review . FreeTaxUsa Review . . Learn More. Federal Income Tax Brackets . How to Fill Out W-4 . State Capital Gains Taxes . Gift Tax Explained . Your Standard Deduction . Tax Allowances . . . . Retirement Calculators. Retirement Calculator . 401(k) Calculator . Social Security Calculator . RMD Calculator . Financial Advisor Value Calculator . How Much Life Insurance Do I Need? . . Helpful Guides. Retirement Guide . Financial Advisor Guide . Estate Planning Guide . . Learn More. RMD Table . How to Calculate Your RMD . 401(k) Withdrawal . The Rule of 55 . 401(k) Contribution Advice . Life Insurance Quotes . . . . Financial Planning Find a Financial Advisor. Top Financial Advisors . Financial Advisors in Houston, TX . Financial Advisors in Charlotte, NC . Financial Advisors in Atlanta, GA . Financial Advisors in New York, NY . . Helpful Tools. Working with a Financial Advisor Guide . Firm Reviews. Advisory Firm Reviews . Fisher Investments Review . Merrill Lynch Review . . Learn More. How to Choose a Financial Advisor . Are Financial Advisors Worth it? . What Is Conservatorship? . Family Trusts . CFA vs. CFP . Best Financial Planning Software . Wealth Managers vs. Financial Advisors . Financial Advisor Cost . . . . Banking Calculators. Savings Calculator . CD Calculator . Compare Accounts. Compare Savings Accounts . Compare Checking Accounts . Compare CD Rates . Compare Money Market Accounts . Helpful Guides. Checking & Savings Guide . . Banking Products. Best Savings Accounts . Best Money Market Accounts . Best CD Rates . Best Checking Accounts . Bank Reviews. Ally Bank Review . Capital One Review . USAA Review . Bask Bank Review . . Personal Finance Resources. Personal Loan Calculator . Student Loan Calculator . Budget Calculator . Student Loan Refinance Rates . Compare Personal Loan Rates . Learn More. Withdrawal Limits . How to Get a Bank Statement . FDIC Insurance . . . . Investing Calculators. Investment Calculator . Capital Gains Tax Calculator . Inflation Calculator . Asset Allocation Calculator . . Helpful Guides. Investing Guide . Compare Accounts. Brokerage Accounts . . Learn More. What is a Fiduciary? . How to Invest $100k . What's a Good P/E Ratio? . Types of Investments . Tax Free Investments . . . . For Advisors Learn More. Lead Generation Strategies for Advisors . Guide to Advisor Marketing Strategies . How Advisors Can Attract High-Net-Worth Clients . Financial Advisor Prospecting Tips . . Compare & Choose. Ways to Get New Clients as an Advisor . Referral Sources for Financial Advisors . Best CFP® Exam Prep Courses . Best CFA Exam Prep Courses . . Helpful Guides. Client Acquisition Guide . Advisor Marketing Guide . Firm Management Guide . SmartAsset AMP Testimonials . . . . SmartReads . SmartAsset AMP . About . Press . Terms of Service . Privacy Policy . Back to SmartAsset Home . . . . . I'm an Advisor Find an Advisor . . . . . Search . . . . Tap on the profile icon to edit. your financial details.. Got It . . . Home / Top Financial Advisors - US / Texas / Fisher Investments Review . Fisher Investments Review. Your Details Done . by Becca Stanek Updated April 16, 2026 . SmartAsset.com maintains strict editorial integrity . This review was produced by SmartAsset based on publicly available information. The named firm and its financial professionals have not reviewed, approved, or endorsed this review and are not responsible for its accuracy. Review content is produced by SmartAsset independently of any business relationships that might exist between SmartAsset and the named firm and its financial professionals, and firms and financial professionals having business relationships with SmartAsset receive no special treatment or consideration in SmartAsset’s reviews. This page contains links to SmartAsset’s financial advisor matching tool, in which SmartAsset is compensated for lead referrals, which may or may not match you with the firm mentioned in this review or its financial professionals. . . . . Find an Advisor . . Assets Under Management $386,669,724,038. Number of Advisors 1,948. Time in Business Founded in 1979. Fee Structure Fee-only. Office Location 6500 International Parkway. Suite 2050. Plano, TX 75093. Website https://www.fisherinvestments… . . . . Fisher Investments is a global money management firm headquartered in Texas that also holds a place on SmartAsset's list of the top financial advisors in the U.S . The firm is led by Ken Fisher, a prominent figure in the world of investing. Fisher penned his "Portfolio Strategy" column for Forbes magazine for over 30 years and has written 11 books. In 2010, Investment Advisor Magazine named Fisher one of the 30 most influential figures in the investment advisory business since 1980.. Fisher Investments has locations and clients throughout the U.S., Canada, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Middle East. While it generally calls for a $1 million account minimum for individual clients. As a result, high-net-worth clients comprise the largest percentage of its client base, though it also works with many non-high-net-worth and institutional clients.. Fisher Investments Background. Fisher founded his namesake firm in 1979. He currently serves as the firm's executive chairman and co-chief investment officer. Since its founding almost 50 years ago, Fisher Investments has grown to serve clients across the globe. It is a privately owned, fee-only firm.. . Fisher Investments Client Types and Minimum Account Sizes. As mentioned previously, Fisher Investments’ private client base mostly comprises high-net-worth individuals. It also works with less affluent individual investors, as well as corporations, retirement plans, public and multi-employer pension funds, foundations, endowments, government entities and investment companies.. Through its Private Client Group, Fisher Investments generally works with individuals who have at least $1 million in investable assets. However, the firm also reserves the right to accept clients with less than that at its discretion. For clients of Fisher's other branches, minimums can vary by services or account type.. Services Offered by Fisher Investments. Fisher Investments' services for private clients include portfolio management, annuity evaluation, financial planning and retirement planning . Its portfolio management services are divided into three categories, each of which is aimed at maximizing returns within risk parameters:. Equity accounts: mainly use common stock and cash equivalents. Fixed-income accounts: mainly use various fixed-income instruments and cash. Blended accounts: use a combination of stocks, fixed-income instruments and cash. Fisher Investments' institutional services include institutional investing and 401(k) solutions for businesses.. Investment Philosophy. Fisher Investments believes in having a flexible investment strategy, as the firm thinks that no one investment strategy is always superior. Thus, the firm takes an active approach to investing so it can respond to the markets and make changes to client portfolios as necessary. The firm will also determine appropriate investment strategies based on projected market conditions.. Fisher Investments constructs client portfolios using investment benchmarks as a framework for portfolio design, risk management, and performance evaluation. The firm takes a forward-looking approach, adjusting allocations based on its capital markets outlook and investing globally across equities, fixed income and other instruments. It emphasizes diversification and may implement defensive strategies when anticipating market downturns, aiming to balance risk and return in pursuit of client objectives.. The firm's Investment Policy Committee is responsible for making investment decisions. The team takes a top-down approach, focusing first on asset allocation . The firm believes that asset allocation is the primary driver of portfolio performance. Asset allocations are customized according to various personal factors, including clients’ time horizons, risk tolerances, cash flow needs and outside assets. That step is followed by sub-asset allocation, which focuses on deciding which countries or market-sectors are likely to outperform. From there, the firm selects specific securities.. Fees Under Fisher Investments. Fisher Investments typically bills its private clients based on a percentage of assets under management. Clients are charged on a tiered schedule based on the amount of assets under management and the type of account: . Equity and Blended Accounts . Amount of Assets Annual Management Fee . First $1 million 1.25% . Next $4 million 1.125% . Additional amounts over $5 million 1.00% . . Income-Only Accounts (above $5 million) . Amount of Assets Annual Management Fee . First $5 million 0.75% . Next $10 million 0.50% . Next $10 million 0.43% . Next $10 million 0.38% . Next $10 million 0.33% . Next $45 million 0.28% . In addition to these fees, clients may also pay brokerage commissions, other custodian fees and expenses associated with investing in ETFs or structured notes .. . . Fisher Investments Awards and Recognition. Fisher Investments has been recognized by a number of industry publications in recent years. As mentioned before, Fisher Investments holds a spot on SmartAsset's list of the top financial advisor firms in the U.S. , as well as the No. 1 spot on the following lists:. Top Financial Advisors in Texas . Top Financial Advisors in Plano, Texas . Additionally, the firm made CNN Underscored's list of the Best Financial Advisors in 2024, as well as Kiplinger's 2024 Readers' Choice Awards Wealth Managers list.. What to Watch Out For. Fisher Investments has no disclosures on its SEC-filed Form ADV.. Opening an Account With Fisher Investments. On its website, Fisher Investments provides two ways for prospective clients to get in touch: a dedicated set of phone numbers and a contact form. On the form, you'll have the option to send a message or request an appointment with a Fisher investment advisor. You can also search through Fisher Investments' branch locations on its website to find out if you have an office nearby.. Every private client is assigned a dedicated investment counselor. The firm provides clients with quarterly statements and written reviews from the Investment Policy Committee. Twice a year, the firm releases videos in which the committee details the firm's outlook. . All information is accurate as of the writing of this article. . Investing Tips for Beginners. If you have questions about investing or need help with it, a financial advisor may be able to help. Finding a financial advisor doesn’t have to be hard. SmartAsset’s free tool matches you with financial advisors who serve your area, and you can have a free introductory call with your advisor matches to decide which one you feel is right for you. If you’re ready to find an advisor who can help you achieve your financial goals, get started now .. Consider how much risk you’re willing to take. Your risk tolerance will be key to determining your asset allocation . For instance, if you're a cautious investor or you're new to investing, a very conservative portfolio that consists primarily of investments like bonds may be best.. . . . . Share . . . . . . . . . More from SmartAsset. Choosing a financial advisor . See our retirement calculator . See our investment calculator . . . . . Show 2017 Show 2018 Show 2019 Show 2020 Show 2022 . How Long $1mm Lasts in Retirement . SmartAsset's interactive map highlights places where $1 million will last the longest in retirement. Zoom between states and the national map to see the top spots in each region. Also, scroll over any city to learn about the cost of living in retirement for that location. . . . Least. Most. . . . . . . . . . Rank City Housing Expenses Food Expenses Healthcare Expenses Utilities Expenses Transportation Expenses . . Methodology We analyzed data on average expenditures for seniors, cost of living and investment returns to determine how many years of retirement a $1 million nest egg would cover in cities across America. . First, we looked at data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) on the average annual expenditures of seniors. We then applied cost of living data from the Council for Community and Economic Research to adjust those national average spending levels based on the costs of each expense category (housing, food, healthcare, utilities, transportation and other) in each city. Using this data, SmartAsset calculated the average cost of living for retirees in the largest U.S. cities. . We assumed the $1 million would grow at a real return (interest minus inflation) of 2%. Then, we divided $1 million by the sum of each of those annual numbers to determine how long $1 million would cover retirement expenses in each of the cities in our study. Cities where $1 million lasted the longest ranked the highest in the study. . Sources: Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) , Council for Community and Economic Research . . . . Share . . . . . . . More from SmartAsset. Choosing a financial advisor . See our retirement calculator . See our investment calculator . . . . . . . . . Get in touch Contact Careers . SmartAsset Search About SmartReads Captivate SmartAsset AMP Advisor Testimonials Press SmartAdvisorMatch . Get Social . Like on Facebook . Follow on X . Follow on LinkedIn . Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy AdChoices GLB Notice Online Tracking Opt-Out Guide . . . SmartAsset Advisors, LLC ("SmartAsset"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Financial Insight Technology, is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser. SmartAsset’s services are limited to referring users to third party advisers registered or chartered as fiduciaries ("Adviser(s)") with a regulatory body in the United States that have elected to participate in our matching platform based on information gathered from users through our online questionnaire. SmartAsset receives compensation from Advisers for our services. SmartAsset does not review the ongoing performance of any Adviser, participate in the management of any user’s account by an Adviser or provide advice regarding specific investments. We do not manage client funds or hold custody of assets, we help users connect with relevant financial advisors. This is not an offer to buy or sell any security or interest. All investing involves risk, including loss of principal. Working with an adviser may come with potential downsides, such as payment of fees (which will reduce returns). Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. There are no guarantees that working with an adviser will yield positive returns. The existence of a fiduciary duty does not prevent the rise of potential conflicts of interest. . Smartly made in NYC. © 2026 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.. . . . . OK Cancel . . . . An error occurred Please reload the page. . . . . We use cookies. Cookies help us improve our website. By continuing, you agree to our use of cookies. Our privacy policy explains more. . . GOT IT . . . . . .