https://www.trata.com/

Trata | Buyside Conversations . trata.. Sign In Book a Demo . . . . We host . conversations. . . . that drive public markets.. The fastest-growing library of investment research, centered on anonymous hedge fund debate.. Book a Demo . . Backed by . 2,000+ . tickers covered . . >$175B AUM . from active contributors . . 125+ . fund contributors . . . . . . . By analysts, for analysts.. An expert community-driven approach to fundamental research.. . transcripts. Information you won't find anywhere else. Read unfiltered conversations between hedge fund analysts and PMs who are major shareholders in their positions.. . . . . conversations. Get new perspectives on your core positions. Connect with other buy-side analysts who have done deep work on the stocks you cover. You lead the conversation.. . . . . explore. A content library that doubles every month. As the Trata network grows, so does our content library. We onboard new contributors and host multiple conversations every day.. . . . . . One-on-one conversations, transcribed at scale.. Hundreds of hours of candid dialogue between the most relevant anonymous shareholders.. . . Transcripts IAC 7.18.25. . IAC 7.18.25. Bull + Skeptic. . . . Analyst 3. There are multiple ways to parse it. I guess they look at monthly unique users and say it's 160 million, but to your point, they're not super sticky. People are looking at Better Homes & Gardens, maybe once a month. Is that fair?. . . Analyst 1. We did this a while back on trying to parse those things, but yes. It's always been a challenge when you are not a site that has consistent traffic, even if you have brand resonance. How do you build things that drive people back to you on a consistent basis? Obviously, they had the same issues with Angie on trying to accomplish that. That's been one of the overall challenges that IAC has been working on for probably half a decade at this point. They recently launched their People app, which I think is a similar attempt at figuring out how we get consistent engagement with our products.. . . Analyst 3. Got it. And it sounds like you're pretty well versed on the ad tech side. I started to put my arms around the D/Cipher portion of the business and what they've started to build there and been building, but would love to hear any thoughts on differentiation for that.. . . . . . . Transcripts RELY 8.1.25. . RELY 8.1.25. Bull + Bull. . . . Analyst 1. The valuation is anybody's guess because with this company, there are not a lot of peer comparisons. Their valuation is pretty comparable to that of Wise, and Wise's valuations have also been coming down a little bit. But that's a separate thing, Wise. There's a lot of SMB business as well. Western Union, obviously, is not a comparable peer. Their EV/EBITDA is in low single digits, and that's because they have been not only losing share, but also actually losing revenue and declining. I think the big question that I'm trying to wrap my head around for ELF is what are the sources of future growth? How do they manage their channel mix more effectively?. . . Analyst 2. . The difficulty is not so much what sort of multiple do you put in earnings, it's what will earnings be because they reinvest through the P&L and the marketing expenses? So there is not that much in earnings. Then there's, of course, everything that they report as earnings. There's so much stock based compensation here. . You'll have to adjust for that in some way. It's really what sort of margins will this do over time. Matt Oppenheimer has so far always refused. I think he gets a question on every quarterly call, what sort of margins should this business do? He's never answered that. If they were to do an investor day and just say, "Hey. We're a 20-25% growth business for the next five years, and five years from now, we will do 10% margins and further upside on those margins after that." Then people have something to anchor it on, and depending on the numbers he puts out, the stock would not be trading at, what is it now? Two times sales?. . . . Analyst 1. Around two times. But I look at more at the EV/EBITDA. It's if you think about an EBITDA of $200 million this year on a conservative basis. The stock is at 15.. . . . . . . Transcripts LYFT 7.29.25. . LYFT 7.29.25. Bull + Bull. . . . Analyst 2. What metrics would you have to see deteriorate to give up your bullish stance on Lyft?. . . Analyst 1. . So gross bookings is what I think the market focuses on. For us, it's total rides, and it's amazing at the elasticity of demand we see between total rides and cost per ride. Meaning, if they take down cost per ride, you see almost one for one increase in total rides. So I think we analyze or track that relationship very closely. The other big thing too is what he calls the 'network efficiency' which is total incentives per ride. It's almost unfathomable how efficient he's been at reducing promotions while accelerating growth. Whenever you start to see it go the other way, meaning you're getting less leverage on our promotions, then I think maybe we're doing something wrong here.. The big risk too is whoever develops the next cool thing. We had the Women+ Connect that was our big cool thing Uber didn't have it and then last week Uber announces it. It removes our competitive advantage and one unique aspect that we had. So everyone's copying us. We keep losing partnerships and not really replacing them — losing them to Uber and Uber gets a new really interesting partnership on a weekly basis. Rivian's still out there — they've been talking about launching their robotaxis, they've been in the news lately so I think we'd want to keep a close eye on that.. I've been in these Teslas, and they really are good at driving themselves around town. It's absolutely impressive. They're not perfect though so you still can die 10% of the time. The threshold that you need for a robotaxi — you have to live 100% of the time. So I think that's what we're monitoring. Do you have a couple metrics that you're monitoring?. . . . Analyst 2. No, I think you covered them — it's market share, it's rides and the operating leverage that he's getting is fantastic. I own a Tesla, I have FSD, I use FSD, I love FSD, but I wouldn't send my kids in the Tesla without a driver. So it's great, but it's not there yet, of course. Which is what we see in Austin. It's a closed circuit, it's not as big as people thought it would be. It’s 100 cars or 120 cars or something. It's very small compared to what the projection was — thousands of cars or whatever. My understanding is that Tesla still has to run these to get safety data to the authorities to find a wider acceptance for their vehicles, which takes time. So there's a lot of time that will take.. . . . . . . . . . . . . introducing hudson. Voice as an interface.. Public markets understood through the lens of human-computer conversations.. As featured by Matt Levine , Y Combinator , and Columbia .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . You. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . FAQ. How do you vet the people who participate in calls?. We manually vet every participant to make sure they're sharp and from the buy-side. Our growing list of contributors spans the entire spectrum from one-man investment funds (previously at much bigger funds) to Analysts and Portfolio Managers at >$10bn funds. They are all buyside investors who have spent years as investment professionals and have done >50 hours of research on any name they write up. Think of Trata as an expert network where investment professionals are the experts.. . Will you share my name or the fund I work at?. We keep all users and funds anonymous. If you choose to participate in calls, they will be voice only and you have no obligation to share who you are.. . . How do you handle compliance?. We work directly with the compliance teams of multi-billion dollar hedge funds. We have a thorough process to ensure that no MNPI or fund secrets are ever disclosed. We let each call participant review transcripts and remove any information they deem sensitive. We don't publish until we get approval from all relevant parties.. . . . . We ’ ll walk you through what ’ s possible.. No pressure, no jargon — just answers.. . Book a Demo . trata. © 2026 Trata, Inc.. . Platform. Sign In Changelog Book a Demo . Connect. Support Careers LinkedIn x.com hello@trytrata.com . Legal. Terms of Use Privacy Policy . . . Disclaimer: Trata, Inc. ("Trata") is not a registered investment advisor or broker-dealer, and is not licensed nor qualified to provide investment advice. There is no requirement that any of our Information Providers be registered investment advisors or broker-dealers. Nothing published or made available by or through Trata should be considered personalized investment advice, investment services or a solicitation to BUY, SELL, or HOLD any securities or other investments mentioned by Trata or the Information Providers. Never invest based purely on our publication or information, which is provided on an "as is" basis without representations. Past performance is not indicative of future results. YOU SHOULD VERIFY ALL CLAIMS, DO YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE AND/OR SEEK YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR AND CONSIDER THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND RISKS AND YOUR OWN NEEDS AND GOALS BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY SECURITIES MENTIONED. INVESTMENT DOES NOT GUARANTEE A POSITIVE RETURN AS STOCKS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, INCLUDING THE POTENTIAL LOSS OF PRINCIPAL. You further acknowledge that Trata, the Information Providers or their respective affiliates, employers, employees, officers, members, managers and directors, may or may not hold positions in one or more of the securities in the Information and may trade at any time, without notification to you, based on the information they are providing and will not necessarily disclose this information to subscribers, nor the time the positions the securities were acquired. You confirm that you have read and understand, and agree to, our full disclaimer and terms of use, a copy of which can be accessed by visiting trata.com and that neither Trata nor any of its Information Providers is in any way responsible for any investment losses you may incur under any circumstances.. All Content is owned or controlled by Trata, Inc. ("Trata") or the party otherwise credited as the provider of such Content. The Content, and the entire Trata site, including without limitation selection, coordination, arrangement, reproduction and enhancement of such Content, all materials published by Trata are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and other copyright laws. Reproduction of the Trata site or any Content, in whole or in part, without written permission of Trata Inc. is strictly prohibited.. To the extent that you may download or copy Content, you may only do so for personal use(s) and not for resale or reproduction and you must maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. Trata, Inc. retains full and complete title and rights to all intellectual property in Trata, Inc. and the Content.. The author does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information provided in this document. All statements and expressions herein are the sole opinion of the author and are subject to change without notice.. Trata, Inc. ("Trata"), the author, and clients of Trata may currently have long or short positions in the securities of certain of the companies mentioned herein, or may have such a position in the future (and therefore may profit from fluctuations in the trading price of the securities). To the extent such persons do have such positions, there is no guarantee that such persons will maintain such positions.. . . . .