https://www.artifact.engineer/blog/fundraise-announcement

Artifact Raises $3.5M to Modernize Hardware Design Tools - Artifact Blog Artifact . Tutorials Careers Updates . Toolbox . Login → . . ← Back to Blog . PRESS RELEASE: FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE. Artifact Raises $3.5M to Modernize Electrical System Design. August 8, 2025 • New York, NY. . . New York, NY – August 8, 2025 – Artifact, the electrical system design platform built for high-complexity hardware organizations, announces raising a $3.5 million seed round led by Floodgate , with participation from Boost VC , Y Combinator , Rock Yard Ventures , 468 Capital , Moonfire Ventures , and others.. Artifact is on a mission to upgrade how engineers design and collaborate on complex electrical systems. By combining 2D CAD diagramming, version control, and automated documentation in a single collaborative workspace, Artifact is a “single source of truth” for electrical design, procurement, and manufacturing.. “Today, some of the most advanced satellites, supersonic jets, and hypersonic engines are being designed in tools like PowerPoint” said Antony Samuel , CEO and co-founder of Artifact. “Ambitious engineers are migrating away from legacy tools designed for Cold War-era engineering workflows. However, the alternative - powerpoint, excel sheets, and python scripts - have become one of the most fragile, error-prone, and expensive parts of any complex integrated system.”. Artifact’s Hardware IDE offers a modern solution to electrical system design, including component libraries, organization-wide collaboration, design rule checks, and seamless manufacturing exports. The platform is already in use by early customers in aerospace, defense, and robotics who are building the next generation of complex hardware.. “Artifact gives engineers superpowers” said Adam Draper , Founder and Managing Director at Boost VC. “They’re building the future of hardware development, and that’s exactly the kind of bold vision we back at Boost VC.”. Artifact was founded by Antony Samuel and Corbin Klett , who previously led and built avionics and software at leading aerospace companies. Their firsthand experience with preexisting hardware design tools and processes led them to build a platform tailored for the speed, scale, and many interdependencies of today’s most ambitious hardware projects.. Mike Maples Jr. , Co-Founding Partner at Floodgate, commented: “Artifact is redefining design systems for the deeptech companies that will shape America’s future.” Mike added, “Based on their experience at companies like Boom Supersonic and Hermeus, Antony and Corbin are the ideal founders to take on this grand challenge.”. The funding will be used to expand Artifact’s engineering team, accelerate product development, and grow its early customer base. Upcoming features will focus on further software integration and advanced electrical and design rules checking.. . About Artifact. Artifact is the modern electrical system design platform for hardware teams building high-complexity systems. Artifact unifies design, collaboration, and documentation in a single, intelligent workspace. Learn more at artifact.engineer . . Contact. Email: info@artifact.engineer . Website: artifact.engineer . . . . . . Stay up to date with Artifact. Sign up for our newsletter.. Email address Subscribe . . . . X LinkedIn Email YouTube . © 2026 Artifact. All rights reserved.. . . . . .