https://www.variance.com/blog/intrinsic-is-becoming-variance

Intrinsic Is Becoming Variance | Variance . . . . . Product . Solutions . Industries . Security . Company . . Login Get a demo . . Get a demo . . . . Blog Intrinsic Is Becoming Variance. March 31, 2025 · Announcement · Intrinsic Team . . . . . . . . Over the past year, we've been proud to support our partners on the front lines: countering advanced persistent threats, identifying threat actors, and helping secure our elections.. Threats are buried in terabytes of unstructured data and logs. Surfacing them requires understanding how real-world threat actors behave whose activity can only be correlated by sparse signals and what abuse means for you.. The status quo is failing us. How Variance works is simple: we distill enormous amounts of data into simple actionable interventions of real-world threats. We solve for two simple problems:. Too much data. Not enough analysts. To solve these adversarial problems, you need to rebuild the whole system from scratch, with AI agents in mind. The detection layer, the rules engine, the logging platform, the enforcement layer, the auditing layer, the data integrations. All redesigned for adversarial environments.. In the process, we've built something new: an investigative platform that unifies deep content understanding, network analysis, behavioral insights, OSINT, threat signals, and a powerful AI agent.. Today, Variance is the primary way our customers run autonomous investigations. These aren't just accelerating workflows, they're surfacing and analyzing novel threats without analyst intervention. And today we are excited to announce the expansion of our mission beyond Trust & Safety and into financial fraud and cybersecurity.. We're deeply humbled by the type of investigations the Variance platform has been able to power in the past year:. Investigations of public safety risks around the 2024 US Elections and coordination of law enforcement responses. Investigations into imminent threats of self-harm, enabling law enforcement to intervene in time. Identification of state-sponsored influence operations and narrative seeding. Discovery of deep networks of coordinated criminal activity. Thousands of analyst hours saved during live threat conditions. Today, we're also announcing our new name: Variance .. Variance is built for the volatile, the uncertain, the adversarial. It exists to help good prevail in the most complex environments.. Over the coming weeks, we'll share more about how we're supporting our partners and the hundreds of millions of people they protect. We've intervened in real-world threats and safeguarded our democracy, and we know this is just the beginning.. . All posts . . . . . Keep reading. . Announcement March 31, 2026 . Announcing our $21M Series A. . . Engineering September 1, 2025 . Features on Demand: Ad-Hoc Feature Generation with ClickHouse. . . Engineering April 29, 2025 . Alignment Is Not Free: How Model Upgrades Can Silence Your Confidence Signals. . . . . Product Product overview Tools . Use case Know Your Customer Know Your Business Transaction Monitoring Customer Due Diligence . Company Careers Press Security Blog . . . © 2026 Variance Privacy Policy Terms of Use Status . . . . .