https://www.persist.ai/news

News — Persist AI . About . Overview News Careers . . AI Suite Cloud Lab Fee-for-Service Custom Automation Get in touch . About AI Suite Cloud Lab Fee-for-Service Custom Automation Contact . . . . NEWS . Keep up with the latest .. Insights from the frontlines of formulation — where AI, robotics, and pharmaceutical science come together to accelerate better therapies.. . . . . . . All Posts Press Releases Educational Articles Newsletters . . . Educational Articles . Aug 1, 2026 30 min read . Exploration of Development Parameters for IgG Microspheres Using an Automated Platform for High-Throughput Formulation Screening. We screened 100+ PLGA microspheres with scientists using our robotic lab and machine learning models and found that there are very few conditions that maintain the integrity and release behavior of antibodies.. Read article → . Educational Articles . Jun 30, 2026 10 min read . Automated High-Throughput In Vitro Release Testing Platform for LAI Microspheres. We are excited to share that our team will be presenting a poster about our Automated Platform for IVR testing of LAI Microsphere Formulations at the upcoming Controlled Release Society conference. We look forward to sharing our latest work, connecting with colleagues, and discussing new developments in formulation science and drug delivery. . Read article → . Press Release . Feb 16, 2026 3 min read . Why Our Partnership with CyanoCapture Excites Me. Persist AI is partnering with CyanoCapture to build the world's first GMP manufacturing platform for delivering peptides and proteins orally through cyanobacteria.. Read article → . Press Releases . Jun 14, 2025 4 min read . Persist AI Welcomes Dr. Amjad Basha Mohammad and Dr. Ramesh Rachapudi to Expand Computational Modeling and Product Development Capabilities. We're excited to continue advancing as an AI-driven pharmaceutical development pioneer by strengthening our computational modeling and product development capabilities.. Read article → . Press Releases . May 19, 2025 4 min read . Beyond the $12M: Revolutionizing Drug Formulation Development at Persist AI. We're fundamentally changing how quickly drugs go from molecule to product for patient use. At Persist AI, we're excited to announce our $12M Series A.. Read article → . Press Releases . Aug 20, 2024 2 min read . Persist AI and Nivagen to Collaborate on AI-Driven Manufacturing Process for Long-Acting Injectable. The two companies intend to leverage their complementary expertise and technology to bring a novel long acting injectable and drug product manufacturing platform to market.. Read article → . Newsletters . Aug 16, 2024 2 min read . Persist AI Raises $4M in Seed Financing to Revolutionize Drug Formulation. Persist AI has successfully raised $4 million in a seed financing round, led by 2048 Ventures with participation from Innospark Ventures, Fellows Fund, Pioneer Fund, Y Combinator, and others.. Read article → . Educational Articles . Aug 16, 2024 6 min read . What are Pharmaceutical Formulations?. Pharmaceutical formulation refers to the development of drug delivery systems aimed at optimizing drug stability, efficacy, and safety.. Read article → . . . . . . About. Overview . News . . Products & Services. AI Suite . Cloud Lab . Fee-for-Service . Custom Automation . . Company. Contact . Careers . . . © 2026 Persist AI · All rights reserved. Reduce motion · Privacy Policy · Data Protection Addendum · Cookie Policy . . . .