https://alpaca.markets/about-us

Alpaca - About Us . . Products . Broker API . Overview . End-to-end brokerage platform . . Resources . Webinars, eBooks, and guides . . Broker API Reference . Code snippets, use cases, and more . . . Trading API . Overview . Execute your trading algorithms . . TradingView . Best-in-class charting and trading platform . . Market Data . Real-time stock market and crypto data . . Business Account . Optimized access to Alpaca products . . Elite . Low-cost, advanced algorithmic trading . . MCP Server . Execute trades powered by AI insights . . Trading API Reference . Code snippets, stories, and more . . . Connect . Overview . Connect your app with live trading . . QuantConnect . End-to-End Quant Trading Platform . . . Asset Classes . US Stocks & ETFs . . Options . . Cryptocurrency . . . Platform Industry best cyber security practices . . . Use Cases . Fintech Startups . . . Digital Wallets . . . Broker-Dealers . . . Hedge Funds & Prop Firms . . . Algorithmic Traders . . . Robo Advisors . . . Tokenization Platforms . . . Crypto Exchanges . . . Your New Project . . . Shariah-Compliant Investing . . . . Developers . Tools & Resources . Full API Reference . . Getting Started . . SDKs and Tools . . Alpaca-Py . . Broker API Resources . . Learn . . API Status . . . Community . Slack . . Forum . . Github . . Enablement Partners . . . . Resources . About . About Alpaca . . We're Hiring . . Blog . . Newsroom . . . Support . Frequently Asked Questions . . API Status . . Learn . . Broker API Resources . . Community Forum . . Community Slack . . Contact Us . . Speak to Sales . . . . Login and Signup Login . Trading API . . . Broker API . . . . Sign Up . Trading API . . . Broker API . . . . . . . . A Leading Provider of Brokerage Infrastructure APIs . Alpaca is a brokerage platform providing access to financial markets through developer-friendly APIs. . Our Broker API is a full-stack, end to end brokerage infrastructure service empowering global fintechs and institutions to build customizable investing applications and platforms. Our Trading API allows programmatic traders, retail investors, hedge funds, and prop firms to develop algorithms that automate trading strategies across multiple asset types, including stocks, options, and crypto. . With both APIs, we are building a global de facto standard infrastructure for investing , which includes proprietary technology and regulatory setups, to achieve our mission of opening financial services to everyone on the planet. . . . . . . Powering Hundreds of Financial Institutions Across 40+ Countries . Today, Alpaca is a global leader in brokerage infrastructure APIs providing access to stocks, ETFs, options, fixed income, and crypto. We also deliver embeddable finance solutions for tokenization, fully paid securities lending, high-yield cash, 24/5 trading, Shariah-compliant investing, and more. . Powering hundreds of global financial institutions and regional fintechs, we've helped our partners open over 7 million brokerage accounts across 40+ countries, including Australia, Chile, Denmark, France, Mexico, the United Kingdom, the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Turkey, and more. . Furthermore, we are supported by a strong developer community of over 61,000 monthly active developers (“MAD”). . We are actively working on new product offerings such as global stocks, index options, and more. . ! Disclosures . . . All investments involve risk, and the past performance of a security, or financial product does not guarantee future results or returns. There is no guarantee that any investment strategy will achieve its objectives. Please note that diversification does not ensure a profit, or protect against loss. There is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities, or other financial products. Investors should consider their investment objectives and risks carefully before investing. . Options trading is not suitable for all investors due to its inherent high risk, which can potentially result in significant losses. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. . Fixed income securities can experience a greater risk of principal loss when interest rates rise. These investments are also subject to additional risks, including credit quality fluctuations, market volatility, liquidity constraints, prepayment or early redemption, corporate actions, tax implications, and other influencing factors. . Please read Important Risk Disclosures With Respect To Participating In Fully Paid Securities Lending Transactions carefully before deciding whether to participate in lending Fully Paid Securities or agreeing to enter into a Master Securities Lending Agreement with Alpaca Clearing. These disclosures describe important characteristics of, and risks associated with engaging in, securities-lending transactions. . Alpaca does not make any representation that its products or services are Shariah-compliant. Customers are solely responsible for determining whether any offering meets their own Shariah requirements. . Orders placed outside regular trading hours (9:30 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. ET) may experience price fluctuations, partial executions, or delays due to lower liquidity and higher volatility. Orders not designated for extended hours execution will be queued for the next trading session. Additionally, fractional trading may be limited during extended hours. For more details, please review Alpaca Extended Hours & Overnight Trading Risk Disclosure . . Alpaca Clearing offers a cash management program pursuant to the FDIC Bank Sweep. Customer funds are treated differently and are subject to separate regulatory regimes depending on whether customer funds are held in their brokerage account or within the FDIC Bank Sweep. Alpaca Clearing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), which protects securities customers of its members up to $500,000 (including $250,000 for claims for cash). The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insures up to $250,000 per deposit against the failure of an FDIC member bank. Customer funds held in brokerage accounts are SIPC insured, but are not eligible for FDIC insurance coverage. Funds maintained in the FDIC Bank Sweep are intended to be eligible for pass-through FDIC insurance coverage but are not covered by SIPC. FDIC insurance does not protect against the failure of Alpaca, Alpaca Clearing, or their affiliates, nor against malfeasance by their employees. Program banks that participate in the FDIC Bank Sweep are not members of SIPC, and therefore, funds held in the Program are not SIPC protected. Please see our important additional disclosures regarding Alpaca Clearing brokerage offering, as well as FDIC Bank Sweep terms and conditions. . High-Yield Cash API is subject to, among other things, Alpaca's API terms and conditions. In addition, customer access to the FDIC Bank Sweep is subject to, among other things, the Alpaca Customer Agreement, Alpaca Terms and Conditions, and the Alpaca FDIC Bank Sweep Program Terms and Conditions. Please see alpaca.markets/disclosures for further information and important disclosures. . Alpaca's Instant Tokenization Network is owned and developed by AlpacaDB, Inc. and Alpaca Crypto LLC. . Additional geographic restrictions may apply for tokenization services based on local regulatory requirements. Neither Alpaca Crypto LLC nor Alpaca Clearing are the issuer of, nor directly involved in, the tokenization of any assets. Tokenization is performed by a third party. Tokenized assets do not represent direct equity ownership in any underlying company or issuer. Instead, tokenized assets generally provide economic exposure to the equity securities of an underlying issuer. As such, holders of tokenized assets have no voting rights, dividend entitlements, or legal claims to the underlying company shares or any residual assets in the event of the underlying company's liquidation or insolvency, unless explicitly stated otherwise. All investments involve risk. For more information, please see our Tokenization Risk Disclosure . . Cryptocurrency services are provided by Alpaca Crypto LLC, a FinCEN-registered MSB (NMLS #2160858) and subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Cryptocurrency assets are highly volatile and speculative, involving substantial risk of loss, and are not insured by the FDIC or any government agency. Customers should be aware of the various risks prior to engaging these services, including potential loss of principal, cybersecurity considerations, regulatory developments, and the evolving nature of digital asset technology. For additional information on the risks of cryptocurrency, please click here . . Securities brokerage services are provided by Alpaca Clearing, member FINRA / SIPC , a wholly owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. . AlpacaDB, Inc., the parent company of Alpaca Clearing and Alpaca Crypto LLC, provides services and technology, including the brokerage infrastructure API supporting Alpaca's financial services. . . . . Corresponding Self-Clearing Broker-Dealer in the US . . Alpaca has several entities that have attained international regulatory approvals. . In 2018, Alpaca Securities LLC (dba Alpaca Clearing) became a registered US broker-dealer with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ( FINRA CRD#: 288202/SEC#: 8-69928 ). . Upon FINRA approval, Alpaca Clearing became a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation ( SIPC ). SIPC protects customers against the loss of cash and securities. In 2023, we were thrilled to announce that we attained excess SIPC coverage . The excess coverage provides protection for any Alpaca Clearing customer up to $30 million in securities and $1 million in cash and is covered at an aggregate limit of $150 million across all Alpaca Clearing customer accounts. . After being approved by FINRA, we became classified as a Carrying Broker Dealer and Clearing Firm on a Fully-Disclosed and Omnibus basis. This allowed Alpaca Clearing to clear and custody assets for our direct customers as well as other Broker-Dealers (US & International) and Registered Investment Advisors (US & International). . . In 2025, Alpaca Clearing became a member of both the Options Clearing Corporation (OCC) and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (FICC) , as well as a Nasdaq Exchange Member , reinforcing its position as a full-stack brokerage infrastructure and FINRA-registered broker-dealer. . In 2023, Alpaca Clearing was approved by the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ( DTCC ) and in 2024 transitioned to fully self-clearing . . In 2022, Alpaca Crypto LLC (Alpaca Crypto) became a registered Money Services Business (MSB) with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ( FinCEN ) (NMLS # 2160858). . AlpacaX Crypto Ltd. (AlpacaX Crypto) and AlpacaX Securities Ltd. (AlpacaX Securities) are registered with the Securities Commission of the Bahamas. AlpacaX Crypto , as a Digital Asset Business (Registration number 208648 B), and AlpacaX Securities to conduct securities business (Registration number 208649 B). . AlpacaJapan Co., Ltd. (Alpaca Japan) has a securities license with the Japan Securities Dealers Association (JSDA) (Registration Number. 3024). . . . . . . Initially Started as a Database and Machine Learning Company . Alpaca initially started as a database and machine learning company in 2015, which built technology to run and process large sets of market data for prediction purposes primarily using various types of deep neural net models. For our machine learning business, our client base included enterprise financial institutions and trading companies. . During this time, we found that there were no database products designed for financial time-series data. We built a new database called MarketStore specifically designed and optimized for this type of data, and made it open source as it should be valuable for other traders and quants in the community. . We have been and will always be a technology company . We solve problems by building products and technology ourselves instead of relying on the legacy stack that other companies may purchase from outside vendors. . . . . . Meet Alpaca's Co-Founders. Yoshi Yokokawa. Co-Founder & CEO. . . Yoshi has a financial services background and started his career in 2004 at Lehman Brothers' Securitization team. Afterwards, he day-traded full-time and co-founded a couple of software development businesses. . You can find his thought leadership on LinkedIn , the Fintech Underground podcast , and X . Yoshi was recently selected as an Endeavor Entrepreneur , joining one of the world's most prestigious communities of high-impact founders driving innovation, job creation, and inclusive economic growth. . . . Hitoshi Harada. Co-Founder & CPO. . . Hitoshi comes with a deep technology background and skillset. He was a Lead Architect at Silicon Valley's first parallel distributed database company, Greenplum (later acquired by EMC). . Prior to this, he started his career in 2002 by building Japan's biggest online travel agencies' data infrastructures. He is a frequent open-source contributor and is known for his Window Functions feature on PostgreSQL and is on Github , LinkedIn , and X . . . . . Alpaca is headquartered in California, USA, and is a globally fully remote distributed company with more than 250 employees in 25 countries . . Alpaca is led by an executive team that brings diverse experience from tech companies and financial institutions like Robinhood, Strike, TD Securities, TMX Group, and more. . . . . . Backed with $320 Million from Top Investors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . We Love Our Company Name Alpaca! . We named ourselves Alpaca because we felt alpacas are approachable, lively, memorable, cute, and funny. . When Yoshi and Hitoshi were brainstorming a company name, they wanted to come up with something that is warm, lively, and exists in true nature like animals or fruits. They felt that both database and financial services, where Alpaca is situated, only evoked a cold, machine-like and number-oriented environment. . During this search for either animal or fruit-based names, they happened to be driving around Woodside in Silicon Valley to see what Masa Son's US$100 million house looked like. Although Masa's house was under construction, they happened to see tens of alpacas as pets in the yard of the gorgeous land right nextdoor. . After observing these alpacas cautiously and looking at them, Yoshi and Hitoshi made up their mind to name the company after them. They felt that alpacas symbolize success, considering many wealthy owners choose to have them as pets in California, especially being so far away from their native origin of South America. Finally, the word “alpaca” starts with the first alphabet character of both English (“a”) and Japanese (“あ”) and has the sound of “p” This sound also is a hit in consumer brands like Japanese snacks of Pocky and Toppo. . We love the company name Alpaca, and all of us here continue to do our best to stay true to the feeling alpacas carry out. . . . . . Find Out More About Alpaca . Discover our latest product updates, company news, and explore career opportunities with us. . Blog. Stay informed with our latest product updates and company news. . Learn More . We're Hiring. Join the Alpaca team and be part of shaping the future of finance. . Learn More . . . . Developers. Trading API Docs . Broker API Docs . Market Data API Docs . OAuth Docs . Slack . Forum . Support . Learn . SDKs & Libraries . GitHub . API Status . Security . . About Us. About Alpaca . Blog . Contact Us . We're hiring . Newsroom . . Disclosures. Disclosure Library . Form CRS . Form CRS Responses to Conversation Starters . Privacy Policy . Cookie Policy . Terms & Conditions . . . . . . © 2026 Alpaca Securities LLC (dba "Alpaca Clearing") All Rights Reserved. . © 2026 Alpaca Crypto LLC All rights reserved. . © 2026 AlpacaDB, Inc. All rights reserved. . . Securities brokerage services are provided by Alpaca Clearing, member FINRA / SIPC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Technology and services are offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. . . Options trading is not suitable for all investors due to its inherent high risk, which can potentially result in significant losses. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. . . Cryptocurrency services are made available by Alpaca Crypto LLC ("Alpaca Crypto"), a FinCEN registered money services business (NMLS # 2160858), and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Alpaca Crypto is not a member of SIPC or FINRA. Cryptocurrencies are not stocks and your cryptocurrency investments are not protected by either FDIC or SIPC. . . Cryptocurrency is highly speculative in nature, involves a high degree of risks, such as volatile market price swings, market manipulation, flash crashes, and cybersecurity risks. Cryptocurrency regulations are continuously evolving, and it is your responsibility to understand and abide by them. Cryptocurrency trading can lead to large, immediate and permanent loss of financial value. You should have appropriate knowledge and experience before engaging in cryptocurrency trading. For additional information, please click here . . . . Disclosures. Brokerage services are provided by Alpaca Clearing, member FINRA / SIPC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. . Technology and services are offered by AlpacaDB, Inc.. Brokerage services are provided to customers who can write automated investment code and self-direct their own investments. Alpaca brokerage services are only provided to customers who agree to electronically sign agreements and agree to receive messages, confirmations, and statements electronically. Is Alpaca right for me? . This is not an offer, solicitation of an offer, or advice to buy or sell securities or cryptocurrencies, or open a brokerage account or cryptocurrency account in any jurisdiction where Alpaca Clearing or Alpaca Crypto respectively, are not registered or licensed, as applicable. . The Paper Trading API is offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. and does not require real money or permit a user to transact in real securities in the market. Providing use of the Paper Trading API is not an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, securities derivative or futures products of any kind, or any type of trading or investment advice, recommendation or strategy, given or in any manner endorsed by AlpacaDB, Inc. or any AlpacaDB, Inc. affiliate and the information made available through the Paper Trading API is not an offer or solicitation of any kind in any jurisdiction where AlpacaDB, Inc. or any AlpacaDB, Inc. affiliate (collectively, "Alpaca") is not authorized to do business. . You should know that the use or granting of any third party access to your account information or place transactions in your account at your direction is solely at your risk. Alpaca does not warrant against loss of use or any direct, indirect or consequential damages or losses to you caused by your assent, expressed or implied, to a third party accessing your account or information, including access provided through any other third party apps, systems, or sites. . Market prices, data and other information available through Alpaca are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change without notice. System response and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors. A more complete description of the impact these factors may have can be found in our risks of automated trading systems section . . All investments involve risk and the past performance of a security, or financial product does not guarantee future results or returns. Keep in mind that while diversification may help spread risk it does not assure a profit, or protect against loss, in a down market. There is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities, or other financial products. Investors should consider their investment objectives and risks carefully before investing. . There are risks unique to automated trading algorithms that you should know about and plan for. You should setup a method or system of continuous monitoring or alerting to let you know if there is a mechanical failure, such as connectivity issues, power loss, a computer crash, or system quirk. You should also monitor for instances where your automated trading system experiences anomalies that could result in errant, missing, or duplicated orders. A more complete description of these and other risks can be found in our FAQ section. . Conditional orders may have increased risk as a result of their reliance on trigger processing, market data, and other internal and external systems. Such orders are not sent to the market until specified conditions are met. During that time, issues such as system outages with downstream technologies or third parties may occur. Conditional orders triggering near the market close may fail to execute that day. Furthermore, our executing partner may impose controls on conditional orders to limit erroneous trades triggering downstream orders. Alpaca Clearing may not always be made aware of such changes to external controls immediately, which may lead to some conditional orders not being executed. As such, it is important to monitor conditional orders for reasonability. Conditional orders are “Not Held” orders whose execution instructions are on a best efforts basis upon being triggered. Furthermore, conditional orders may be subject to the increased risks of stop orders and market orders outlined above. Given the increased potential risk of using conditional orders, the client agrees that Alpaca Clearing cannot be held responsible for losses, damages, or missed opportunity costs associated with market data problems, systems issues, and user error, among other factors. By using conditional orders the client understands and accepts the risks outlined above. Alpaca Clearing encourages leveraging the use of Paper accounts to become more comfortable with the intricacies associated with these orders. . ETFs can entail risks similar to direct stock ownership, including market, sector, or industry risks. Some ETFs may involve international risk, currency risk, commodity risk, and interest rate risk. Trading prices may not reflect the net asset value of the underlying securities. . All accounts are opened as limited purpose margin accounts. You should know that margin trading involves interest charges and risks, including the potential to lose more than deposited or the need to deposit additional collateral in a falling market. Before using margin, customers must determine whether this type of trading strategy is right for them given their specific investment objectives, experience, risk tolerance, and financial situation. For more information please see Alpaca's Margin Disclosure Statement and Margin Agreement. These disclosures contain information on Alpaca Clearing's lending policies, interest charges, and the risks associated with margin accounts. . Any fee you pay is based on the specific transaction and not the value of your account. In general, we do not charge a commission for trades. However, certain arrangements with authorized business partners may preclude commission free trades by Alpaca Clearing. If your account is established via an authorized business partner, please refer to the fee schedule provided through your authorized partner’s website or platform. Customers of Alpaca Clearing should refer to the Alpaca Clearing Brokerage Fee Schedule . Please ensure you review the fees and costs identified on any confirmations and statements you receive. . Cryptocurrency is highly speculative in nature, involves a high degree of risks, such as volatile market price swings, market manipulation, flash crashes, and cybersecurity risks. Cryptocurrency is not regulated or is lightly regulated in most countries. Cryptocurrency trading can lead to large, immediate and permanent loss of financial value. You should have appropriate knowledge and experience before engaging in cryptocurrency trading. For additional information please click here. . Cryptocurrency services are made available by Alpaca Crypto, a FinCEN registered money services business (NMLS # 2160858), and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Alpaca Crypto is not a member of SIPC or FINRA. Cryptocurrencies are not stocks and your cryptocurrency investments are not protected by either FDIC or SIPC. Please see the Disclosure Library for more information. . © 2026 Alpaca Securities LLC (dba "Alpaca Clearing") All Rights Reserved.. © 2026 Alpaca Crypto LLC All rights reserved.. © 2026 AlpacaDB, Inc. All rights reserved.. . . . . Commissions Disclosure. Commission-free trading is available to Alpaca's retail customers. Commission-free trading means that there are no commission charges for Alpaca self-directed individual cash brokerage accounts that trade U.S.-listed securities and options through an API. However, certain arrangements with authorized business partners or the use of the Elite Smart Router as part of the Alpaca Elite offering may preclude commission free trades by Alpaca Clearing. Please refer to the Brokerage Fee Schedule for more information. Relevant regulatory fees may apply. Alpaca reserves the right to charge additional fees if it is determined that order flow is non-retail in nature. . . . Alpaca and selected third parties use cookies on this website as specified in the cookie policy . You accept the use of these cookies or other identifiers by pressing 'Accept', closing this notice, or logging into your account. . Accept . .