https://www.primitive.dev/

primitive.dev: email for AI agents . Skip to main content agent communication built on what already works. Overview. Primitive is email infrastructure built for AI agents. It provides one-call HTTP email sending and receiving, managed *.primitive.email addresses that run a JavaScript handler on every inbound message, and an agent-to-agent chat verb that returns the threaded reply without SMTP credentials. The product removes the protocol surface an agent would otherwise operate: inbound MX, SPF, DKIM, DMARC, TLS-RPT, bounce processing, and sending-IP reputation are all managed, so an agent reaches people and other agents over ordinary email without standing up a mail server or placing SMTP credentials in its context.. Capabilities. HTTP email. A v1 REST API and an MCP server cover email sending, receiving, domain management, filters, webhook endpoints, and function hosting.. Managed inbound addresses. Each managed *.primitive.email subdomain is a real, receivable address the owning agent controls. It runs a JavaScript handler on every received message, so other agents and people can reach an agent at a normal email address.. Agent-to-agent chat. The primitive chat verb delivers a message and returns the threaded reply in a single round trip.. Sending email. Outbound mail is sent with a single authenticated HTTPS request. A request carries the sender, recipients, subject, and a text or HTML body, and may include attachments. Sends are asynchronous and return a message identifier for status tracking. Retries are safe: a request that carries an idempotency key is de-duplicated, so a retried send never produces a duplicate message. Outbound traffic is rate limited per organization for abuse control, and a rate-limited response carries the interval before a retry is accepted.. Receiving email. Inbound messages are delivered to a webhook endpoint or processed by a hosted JavaScript function that runs on every received message. The function model keeps inbound logic on Primitive infrastructure rather than an always-on consumer the developer operates. Inbound message contents are retained until you delete them; Primitive does not auto-delete stored mail on a schedule.. Custom domains and routing. Beyond the managed subdomains, a custom domain can be connected for transactional sending and receiving. Domain authentication records — SPF, DKIM, DMARC, and TLS-RPT — are generated and verified through the API, and filters route inbound mail to webhook endpoints or hosted functions.. Authentication. Every API request carries a bearer token: an API key prefixed prim_ or an OAuth access token prefixed prim_oat_ . Tokens are scoped to an organization. An agent self-serves a credential through a signup flow that verifies an email address and returns an OAuth access token. Authorization-server and protected-resource metadata are published at the conventional .well-known locations, so an agent discovers how to authenticate without human setup. An unauthenticated send-mail demo accepts the same request body as the live endpoint, validates it identically, and returns a realistic synthetic response, so the send flow is verifiable before any account exists.. For developers. Primitive provides a v1 REST API described by an OpenAPI 3.1 specification, a hosted Model Context Protocol server, a Microsoft NLWeb query endpoint, a command-line tool, and Node, Python, and Go software development kits generated from the same specification. The REST surface covers sending, receiving, domain management, filters, webhook endpoints, inbox status, and function hosting.. Discovery and machine-readable surfaces. Primitive publishes machine-readable descriptions of itself so an agent discovers and uses it without documentation: an OpenAPI specification, an llms.txt orientation file, a Model Context Protocol discovery document and server card, an agent card, an API catalog, and OAuth metadata, each at a predictable URL. The Model Context Protocol server is also listed in public registries.. Reliability and deliverability. Deliverability is handled as managed infrastructure. Outbound mail is signed and authenticated, bounces and complaints are processed automatically, and sending-IP reputation is maintained by Primitive. Inbound mail passes spam and policy filtering before delivery. An agent inherits production-grade deliverability without operating a mail server or warming an IP address.. Typical uses. Primitive suits an AI agent that needs its own email identity rather than access to a person’s existing mailbox. Representative situations include an agent that sends a message and waits for a person or another agent to reply on the same thread, an agent that exposes a contact address running custom logic on every inbound message, an agent that sends transactional email from a custom domain with managed authentication, and a system that gives many short-lived agents their own addresses without per-mailbox setup.. API conventions. The REST surface is versioned under the /v1 path and accepts and returns JSON. Errors share one typed model: a stable machine-readable code, a human-readable message, and an HTTP status, so a client branches on the code rather than parsing prose. Listing endpoints return a consistent pagination envelope, and long-running work follows an asynchronous job pattern in which a send returns a message identifier that a client polls for delivery status. A rate-limited request returns HTTP 429 with a Retry-After header and the remaining quota rather than a hard failure, so a client backs off deterministically. A request that carries an idempotency key is de-duplicated, so a retried send never produces a duplicate message, and a batch endpoint accepts many messages in one authenticated call.. SDKs and integration surfaces. Three official software development kits — for Node.js, Python, and Go — are generated from the same OpenAPI 3.1 specification, so their types and method names stay in lock-step with the REST API. A command-line tool wraps the same surface for shell and agent use, including a single chat verb that sends a message and returns the threaded reply. The hosted Model Context Protocol server exposes the same surface over Streamable HTTP, covering sending, reading, and search alongside domain, endpoint, and filter management, and a Microsoft NLWeb endpoint answers natural-language queries against the same data. Webhook deliveries are signed, so a receiver verifies authenticity before acting on an inbound message.. Editor and agent integrations. The hosted Model Context Protocol server is a standard Streamable HTTP endpoint with OAuth, so any MCP-compatible client connects to it and uses the same email tools without a vendor-specific plugin. Compatible clients include Claude (claude.ai, Claude Desktop, and Claude Code), Cursor, Visual Studio Code (VS Code) in GitHub Copilot agent mode, and Goose, the open-source agent from Block. ChatGPT-compatible runtimes use the published plugin manifest instead. The primitive-chat and primitive-inbox skills additionally install into Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, and other coding agents from a single command. The integration is the open protocol itself, so no per-client integration work is required.. . Frequently asked questions. What is Primitive?. Primitive is email infrastructure for AI agents. It sends and receives email via a REST API, hosts an agent at a managed *.primitive.email subdomain, and reaches any address with the one-line primitive chat verb.. . How do agents authenticate?. Every API request carries Authorization: Bearer prim_<api_key> or Authorization: Bearer prim_oat_<oauth_access_token>. Discovery metadata is published at /.well-known/oauth-authorization-server and /.well-known/oauth-protected-resource; the full walkthrough is at https://www.primitive.dev/auth.md.. . Does Primitive have an MCP server?. Yes. The hosted Model Context Protocol server is at https://www.primitive.dev/mcp (Streamable HTTP, stateless). Discovery at /.well-known/mcp and full server card at /.well-known/mcp/server-card.json. Seven tools: sendEmail, replyToEmail, listEmails, searchEmails, getEmail, getInboxStatus, getAccount.. . What does Primitive cost?. Primitive has three usage-based tiers: a free Developer tier ($0/mo with $5/mo of usage credits), Power ($13/mo with $13/mo of credits), and Platinum ($299/mo with $299/mo of credits). Inbound and outbound email, storage, function invocations, and function runtime are metered against your monthly credits, and usage beyond them is billed. Full breakdown at https://www.primitive.dev/pricing.md.. . Is Primitive open source?. The SDKs and CLI are public at https://github.com/primitivedotdev/sdks (Node, Python, Go, all generated from one OpenAPI spec). The hosted services run on Primitive infrastructure.. . . Glossary. Definitions of the email and agent-infrastructure terms used across Primitive. The full list is also published at primitive.dev/glossary .. Agent email Email used as the transport for autonomous software agents rather than people. An agent sends and receives messages over ordinary SMTP-delivered email through an HTTP API, so it reaches anyone with an address without a human in the loop. . Managed inbox A real, receivable address at a *.primitive.email subdomain that Primitive operates end to end. The owning agent controls it without buying a domain or running a mail server, and every inbound message is delivered to a webhook or a hosted Function. . Hosted Function A JavaScript handler that Primitive runs on its own infrastructure on every email received at a managed address. It replaces an always-on inbound consumer the developer would otherwise operate, and it can parse, store, reply to, or route the message. . primitive chat A one-line verb that sends a message to any email address and returns the threaded reply in a single round trip. It removes the need to open a mailto, request SMTP credentials, or poll an inbox to collect the response. . Agent-to-agent communication Direct exchange between two autonomous agents over the universal email addressing scheme. Because every business and agent already has an address, email gives agents an interoperable channel without a shared proprietary protocol. . Custom domain A domain the customer owns, connected to Primitive for transactional sending and receiving. Authentication records are generated through the API and verified before the domain can send, so deliverability uses the customer's own brand. . SPF Sender Policy Framework, a DNS TXT record listing the servers permitted to send mail for a domain. Receiving servers check it to confirm a message originated from an authorized host, which reduces spoofing. . DKIM DomainKeys Identified Mail, a cryptographic signature added to outbound messages and verified against a public key published in DNS. It lets a receiver confirm that a message was authorized by the domain and was not altered in transit. . DMARC Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance, a DNS policy that tells receivers how to treat mail failing SPF or DKIM and where to send aggregate reports. It ties authentication results to the visible From domain. . TLS-RPT TLS Reporting, a DNS record that asks receiving providers to send reports about failures negotiating encrypted SMTP connections to a domain. It surfaces deliverability problems caused by transport-security misconfiguration. . Bounce A delivery failure returned by a receiving server when a message cannot be delivered. A hard bounce is permanent, such as an unknown address; a soft bounce is transient, such as a full mailbox. Primitive processes both automatically. . Webhook An HTTP callback Primitive sends to a developer-supplied URL when an event occurs, such as an inbound message or a delivery status change. Deliveries are signed so the receiver can verify authenticity before acting on them. . Idempotency key A client-supplied identifier attached to a send so the server de-duplicates retried requests. A send repeated with the same key produces at most one message, which makes retries safe after a timeout or network error. . Rate limit A per-organization ceiling on request volume used for abuse control. A rate-limited response returns HTTP 429 with a Retry-After header and the remaining quota, so a client backs off deterministically rather than failing hard. . OAuth access token A short-lived bearer credential prefixed prim_oat_ that an agent obtains through an authorization flow. It scopes API access to one organization and expires, unlike a static API key that is created once and reused. . API key A long-lived bearer credential prefixed prim_ that authenticates API requests for one organization. It is created in the dashboard and carried in the Authorization header on every call. . MCP Model Context Protocol, an open standard for connecting AI clients to tools and data. Primitive hosts an MCP server over Streamable HTTP that exposes its email operations as tools any MCP-compatible client can call. . llms.txt A plain-text file at a predictable URL that orients a language model to a site, linking the machine-readable surfaces worth reading. Primitive publishes both a short llms.txt index and a full llms-full.txt bundle. . Agent card A machine-readable JSON document describing an agent: its identity, skills, supported transports, and contact endpoint. Primitive serves an A2A-format card at a well-known path so other agents can discover how to reach it. . OpenAPI specification A standard machine-readable description of a REST API. Primitive publishes an OpenAPI 3.1 document from which its Node, Python, and Go SDKs are generated, so client types stay in lock-step with the API. . NLWeb A protocol for answering natural-language questions about a site from structured data. Primitive exposes an NLWeb endpoint that responds to plain-language queries about its capabilities. . Inbound processing The pipeline a received message passes through before delivery: authentication checks, spam and policy filtering, parsing, and routing to a webhook or hosted Function. Message contents are retained until you delete them; Primitive does not auto-delete stored mail on a schedule. . Deliverability The likelihood that outbound mail reaches the inbox rather than being rejected or filtered. Primitive maintains it as managed infrastructure through authentication, bounce and complaint handling, and sending-IP reputation. . Organization The tenancy and billing boundary in Primitive. API keys, OAuth tokens, domains, and addresses are scoped to one organization, and usage is metered and billed per organization. Data belonging to one organization is isolated from every other at the database layer, so an agent only ever reads the mail, domains, and functions that belong to its own account. . Streamable HTTP The transport the Model Context Protocol server uses: a single HTTP endpoint that supports both ordinary request-response calls and server-sent streaming over the same connection. It replaces the older paired HTTP-plus-Server-Sent-Events setup, so an MCP client connects with one URL and no separate event channel. . Well-known URI A standardized path under /.well-known/ where a site publishes machine-readable metadata that a client can find without prior arrangement. Primitive serves its agent card, OAuth authorization-server and protected-resource metadata, API catalog, security.txt, and commerce profile at these conventional locations. . Threaded reply A response that arrives on the same email conversation as the message it answers, linked by the standard In-Reply-To and References headers. The primitive chat verb returns the threaded reply directly, so an agent receives the answer in context rather than as a disconnected new message. . Skill A packaged, installable capability that a coding agent can add from a registry such as skills.sh. Primitive publishes the primitive-chat and primitive-inbox skills, which a command like npx skills add primitivedotdev/skills installs into Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, and other compatible agents in one step. . A2A Agent-to-Agent, an open protocol for describing and discovering autonomous agents through a JSON agent card. The card declares an agent’s identity, skills, supported transports, and contact endpoint, so one agent can learn how to reach another without a human integrating them by hand. . Agentic Commerce Protocol An emerging standard, abbreviated ACP, that lets an agent discover what a service sells and complete a purchase through a delegated-payment flow. Primitive exposes the protocol surface from its API origin so a commerce-capable agent can find and transact against its plans. . Universal Commerce Protocol A machine-readable manifest, abbreviated UCP, that declares the commercial services a provider offers, their prices, and where to start. Primitive publishes a UCP profile derived from its billing source of truth, so the advertised prices can never drift from what the product actually charges. . Sending-IP reputation The standing that receiving mail providers assign to the IP addresses a sender uses, based on past volume, complaint rates, and authentication. Good reputation keeps mail out of spam folders. Primitive maintains and warms its sending IPs as managed infrastructure, so a customer inherits it without operating their own. . Spam filtering The policy and content checks an inbound message passes before delivery, scoring it against signals such as authentication results, sender reputation, and message content. Primitive applies filtering to inbound mail so a hosted Function or webhook is not invoked for traffic that fails policy. . Attachment A file carried alongside an email body, encoded into the message. An outbound send can include attachments in the same authenticated request as the message, and inbound attachments are made available to the hosted Function or webhook that processes the received message. . Message identifier The handle a send returns so a client can track delivery status afterward. Because outbound sends are asynchronous, the API returns this identifier immediately and the client polls it for the eventual delivery outcome rather than blocking on the send. . Pagination envelope The consistent wrapper that listing endpoints return around a page of results, carrying the items plus a cursor for fetching the next page. Using one envelope shape across every list endpoint lets a client page through emails, domains, or webhook deliveries with the same code. . Filter A rule that routes inbound mail for a domain to a particular destination, such as a webhook endpoint or a hosted Function, based on the recipient address or other attributes. Filters let one domain fan different kinds of mail out to different handlers. . Send-mail demo An unauthenticated endpoint that accepts the same request body as the live send-mail call, validates it identically, and returns a realistic synthetic response. It lets an agent verify the send flow and its own request shape before any account or credential exists. . Typed error The single error model the API returns: a stable machine-readable code, a human-readable message, and an HTTP status. A client branches on the code rather than parsing prose, so error handling does not break when wording changes. . Versioning The policy that keeps API behavior stable over time. The REST surface is versioned under the /v1 path, and breaking changes arrive under a new version rather than mutating an existing one, so an integration built against a version keeps working. . Retention How long Primitive keeps message data. Inbound email content is retained until you delete it; Primitive does not auto-delete stored mail on a schedule. Content deletion is customer-initiated via content discard. Metadata needed for billing and status is kept independently of the body. . Reply An outbound message sent in response to a specific inbound one, threaded against it automatically so the exchange stays in a single conversation. The reply operation is available through the API, the MCP server, and the primitive chat verb. . OAuth authorization server The component that issues OAuth access tokens after an agent completes an authorization flow. Primitive operates one and publishes its metadata under RFC 8414 at a well-known path, so a client discovers the token and registration endpoints without manual configuration. . Protected-resource metadata A document, defined by RFC 9728, that an API publishes to tell a client which authorization server protects it and how to obtain a token. Primitive serves it at a well-known path and points to it from the WWW-Authenticate header on unauthenticated requests, so auth requirements resolve in one round trip. . API catalog A machine-readable index, served at a well-known path, that links the API descriptions a site offers, such as its OpenAPI document. It gives an agent a single discovery entry point from which to enumerate the available programmatic surfaces. . help agent A hosted agent, reachable at dev@agent.primitive.dev, that answers questions about Primitive grounded in the public documentation corpus. An agent that is stuck can ask it directly with the primitive chat verb instead of escalating to a human. . . primitive.dev ◐ . Backed by Y Combinator ▌ . primitive gives agents a managed email surface: send mail through an authenticated API, receive mail at managed addresses, and run hosted functions on inbound messages.. get started docs blog talk to us → . . ⣠⣤⣤⣿⡛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⣿⣧⣤⡄ ⢀⣰⡶⠾⠛⠛ ⢷⡆ ⠈⠛⢻⣷⣶⣆⡀ ⢰⣾⠉ ⠸⢷⡆ ⢀⣸⡇⠈⠹⢷⣆⡀ ⣀⣶⠶⠶⣶⣀⡀ ⢸⡇ ⢸⡏⠁ ⠈⠹⢷⣀ ⢠⣿⠉ ⠉⠹⠿⣧⣤ ⠘⠃ ⣤⠟⠁ ⠈⣿⣤ ⢰⣤⣬⣅⣀ ⠛⡇ ⣀⣠⣤⣼⡟⠛⠿⣿⣤⣤⣀ ⢀⣠⡤⠿⣤ ⢠⣤⣄⣉⠉⠹⠶⢦⣤⡀ ⢀⣶⠛⠛ ⠛⠻⣆⡀⢀⣀⣀⡰⠾⠏⠁ ⣿ ⣈⣉⠉⠉ ⠛⠳⠆⢠⣿⠋ ⣰⡶⠶⢶⣆ ⠹⣷⠈⠉⠉⠁ ⣿ ⠛⠛⠻⠿⠿⣦⣤⡄⣀⣀ ⢠⡼⠇ ⣶⠉⠁⣀⠈⢹ ⣿ ⣿ ⢰⣶⣦⣤⣤⣤⡄ ⠉⠉⠃⢸⣷⠶⠏⠉⠉ ⠿⣄⡀⠛⠛⠋ ⢀⣰⡟⢀⣆⣀ ⣤⠿ ⣤⡄ ⣀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⡄⢸⣿ ⢠⡄⠹⢿⣤⣤⣤⣼⠟⠃ ⠉⠛⠛⠛⣿⠛ ⠰⠿⠿⠟⠛⠛⠉⠉ ⠿⣆⡀⣀⣶⠛ ⣠⠄ ⠿⣤ ⢀⣶⠿ ⠙⣷⣿ ⣿ ⠙⢧⣤ ⣀⣰⠾⠉ ⠛⠿⢦⣄⣀⣀⣿⡀ ⣀⣀⡶⠶⠏⠉ ⠈⠉⠉⠹⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠏⠉⠁ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ⣠⣤⣤⣿⡛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⣿⣧⣤⡄ ⢀⣰⡶⠾⠛⠛ ⢷⡆ ⠈⠛⢻⣷⣶⣆⡀ ⢰⣾⠉ ⠸⢷⡆ ⢀⣸⡇⠈⠹⢷⣆⡀ ⣀⣶⠶⠶⣶⣀⡀ ⢸⡇ ⢸⡏⠁ ⠈⠹⢷⣀ ⢠⣿⠉ ⠉⠹⠿⣧⣤ ⠘⠃ ⣤⠟⠁ ⠈⣿⣤ ⢰⣤⣬⣅⣀ ⠛⡇ ⣀⣠⣤⣼⡟⠛⠿⣿⣤⣤⣀ ⢀⣠⡤⠿⣤ ⢠⣤⣄⣉⠉⠹⠶⢦⣤⡀ ⢀⣶⠛⠛ ⠛⠻⣆⡀⢀⣀⣀⡰⠾⠏⠁ ⣿ ⣈⣉⠉⠉ ⠛⠳⠆⢠⣿⠋ ⣰⡶⠶⢶⣆ ⠹⣷⠈⠉⠉⠁ ⣿ ⠛⠛⠻⠿⠿⣦⣤⡄⣀⣀ ⢠⡼⠇ ⣶⠉⠁⣀⠈⢹ ⣿ ⣿ ⢰⣶⣦⣤⣤⣤⡄ ⠉⠉⠃⢸⣷⠶⠏⠉⠉ ⠿⣄⡀⠛⠛⠋ ⢀⣰⡟⢀⣆⣀ ⣤⠿ ⣤⡄ ⣀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⡄⢸⣿ ⢠⡄⠹⢿⣤⣤⣤⣼⠟⠃ ⠉⠛⠛⠛⣿⠛ ⠰⠿⠿⠟⠛⠛⠉⠉ ⠿⣆⡀⣀⣶⠛ ⣠⠄ ⠿⣤ ⢀⣶⠿ ⠙⣷⣿ ⣿ ⠙⢧⣤ ⣀⣰⠾⠉ ⠛⠿⢦⣄⣀⣀⣿⡀ ⣀⣀⡶⠶⠏⠉ ⠈⠉⠉⠹⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠏⠉⠁ . . email for any agent, with complete control. . drop one verb into any CLI agent. it sends mail, waits for the threaded reply, and hands the response back.. . . # give your agent an inbox. $ npx skills add primitivedotdev/skills . . # send any agent a message. $ primitive chat dev@agent.primitive.dev '<literally anything>' . . SDKs/CLI on GitHub . . ↳ replied in 4s with "thanks, taking a look". . . . . . . ⣠⣤⣤⣿⡛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⣿⣧⣤⡄ ⢀⣰⡶⠾⠛⠛ ⢷⡆ ⠈⠛⢻⣷⣶⣆⡀ ⢰⣾⠉ ⠸⢷⡆ ⢀⣸⡇⠈⠹⢷⣆⡀ ⣀⣶⠶⠶⣶⣀⡀ ⢸⡇ ⢸⡏⠁ ⠈⠹⢷⣀ ⢠⣿⠉ ⠉⠹⠿⣧⣤ ⠘⠃ ⣤⠟⠁ ⠈⣿⣤ ⢰⣤⣬⣅⣀ ⠛⡇ ⣀⣠⣤⣼⡟⠛⠿⣿⣤⣤⣀ ⢀⣠⡤⠿⣤ ⢠⣤⣄⣉⠉⠹⠶⢦⣤⡀ ⢀⣶⠛⠛ ⠛⠻⣆⡀⢀⣀⣀⡰⠾⠏⠁ ⣿ ⣈⣉⠉⠉ ⠛⠳⠆⢠⣿⠋ ⣰⡶⠶⢶⣆ ⠹⣷⠈⠉⠉⠁ ⣿ ⠛⠛⠻⠿⠿⣦⣤⡄⣀⣀ ⢠⡼⠇ ⣶⠉⠁⣀⠈⢹ ⣿ ⣿ ⢰⣶⣦⣤⣤⣤⡄ ⠉⠉⠃⢸⣷⠶⠏⠉⠉ ⠿⣄⡀⠛⠛⠋ ⢀⣰⡟⢀⣆⣀ ⣤⠿ ⣤⡄ ⣀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⡄⢸⣿ ⢠⡄⠹⢿⣤⣤⣤⣼⠟⠃ ⠉⠛⠛⠛⣿⠛ ⠰⠿⠿⠟⠛⠛⠉⠉ ⠿⣆⡀⣀⣶⠛ ⣠⠄ ⠿⣤ ⢀⣶⠿ ⠙⣷⣿ ⣿ ⠙⢧⣤ ⣀⣰⠾⠉ ⠛⠿⢦⣄⣀⣀⣿⡀ ⣀⣀⡶⠶⠏⠉ ⠈⠉⠉⠹⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠏⠉⠁ . . simply the best transactional email infra. . we parse attachments, verify DKIM and SPF, decode SMTP envelopes, split headers. you don't have to own any infra just to work with email anymore.. . . inbound webhook { "event" : "email.received" , "from" : "sender@example.com" , "to" : "agent@you.primitive.email" , "subject" : "Hello from Primitive" , "body" : "Quick question about..." } schema demo → . full synchronous outbound. we open SMTP straight to the receiving server, so the response code and their queue ID come back in your same call. a true developer primitive .. outbound api response { "id" : "e3a8f9b2-4d1c-4b71-9c5a-2f8b3e1d7a4c" , "status" : "delivered" , "accepted" : [ "alice@customer.com" ], "queue_id" : "47B2D7A1F0" , "smtp_response_code" : 250 , "smtp_response_text" : "2.0.0 Ok: queued as 47B2D7A1F0" } . . . . . . . . . ⣠⣤⣤⣿⡛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⣿⣧⣤⡄ ⢀⣰⡶⠾⠛⠛ ⢷⡆ ⠈⠛⢻⣷⣶⣆⡀ ⢰⣾⠉ ⠸⢷⡆ ⢀⣸⡇⠈⠹⢷⣆⡀ ⣀⣶⠶⠶⣶⣀⡀ ⢸⡇ ⢸⡏⠁ ⠈⠹⢷⣀ ⢠⣿⠉ ⠉⠹⠿⣧⣤ ⠘⠃ ⣤⠟⠁ ⠈⣿⣤ ⢰⣤⣬⣅⣀ ⠛⡇ ⣀⣠⣤⣼⡟⠛⠿⣿⣤⣤⣀ ⢀⣠⡤⠿⣤ ⢠⣤⣄⣉⠉⠹⠶⢦⣤⡀ ⢀⣶⠛⠛ ⠛⠻⣆⡀⢀⣀⣀⡰⠾⠏⠁ ⣿ ⣈⣉⠉⠉ ⠛⠳⠆⢠⣿⠋ ⣰⡶⠶⢶⣆ ⠹⣷⠈⠉⠉⠁ ⣿ ⠛⠛⠻⠿⠿⣦⣤⡄⣀⣀ ⢠⡼⠇ ⣶⠉⠁⣀⠈⢹ ⣿ ⣿ ⢰⣶⣦⣤⣤⣤⡄ ⠉⠉⠃⢸⣷⠶⠏⠉⠉ ⠿⣄⡀⠛⠛⠋ ⢀⣰⡟⢀⣆⣀ ⣤⠿ ⣤⡄ ⣀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⡄⢸⣿ ⢠⡄⠹⢿⣤⣤⣤⣼⠟⠃ ⠉⠛⠛⠛⣿⠛ ⠰⠿⠿⠟⠛⠛⠉⠉ ⠿⣆⡀⣀⣶⠛ ⣠⠄ ⠿⣤ ⢀⣶⠿ ⠙⣷⣿ ⣿ ⠙⢧⣤ ⣀⣰⠾⠉ ⠛⠿⢦⣄⣀⣀⣿⡀ ⣀⣀⡶⠶⠏⠉ ⠈⠉⠉⠹⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠏⠉⠁ . . fully hosted agents. . write a handler. deploy with one command. primitive runs it on every inbound email, no servers to manage.. . . $ primitive functions:init my-fn . . $ primitive functions:deploy --name my-fn --source . . . . . ↳ deployed in 421ms to my-fn.primitive.email. . . . . . built on our own infra. every hop in the email pipeline runs on primitive-owned servers, end-to-end.. . . . . inbound sender MX parser functions your webhook handler . . . . outbound POST /send-mail SMTP relay direct delivery . . recipient MX . direct delivery returns recipient's 250 OK + queue id in the same request. . green = primitive-owned bare metal. no third party in the path.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . email infrastructure built for agents. primitive gives agents a managed email surface: send mail through an authenticated API, receive mail at managed addresses, and run hosted functions on inbound messages. the public docs include markdown mirrors, OpenAPI specs, OAuth discovery metadata, and an auth walkthrough so agents can integrate without scraping the dashboard.. . API base https://api.primitive.dev/v1 . auth bearer API keys and OAuth access tokens. see the Primitive authentication docs or auth.md . . specs Primitive API reference , OpenAPI YAML and OpenAPI JSON . . . send and receive. use the REST API , SDKs , CLI , or MCP server for sending. route inbound mail to webhooks or hosted functions.. . managed addresses. start with a managed *.primitive.email address, then add custom domains when DNS control matters.. . agent-readable docs. fetch index.md , llms.txt , or llms-full.txt for markdown context.. . . . frequently asked questions . what you can build . . What is Primitive? Primitive is email infrastructure for AI agents. It sends and receives email via a REST API, hosts an agent at a managed *.primitive.email subdomain, and reaches any address with the one-line primitive chat verb. . How do agents authenticate? Every API request carries Authorization: Bearer prim_<api_key> or Authorization: Bearer prim_oat_<oauth_access_token>. Discovery metadata is published at /.well-known/oauth-authorization-server and /.well-known/oauth-protected-resource; the full walkthrough is at https://www.primitive.dev/auth.md . . Does Primitive have an MCP server? Yes. The hosted Model Context Protocol server is at https://www.primitive.dev/mcp (Streamable HTTP, stateless). Discovery at /.well-known/mcp and full server card at /.well-known/mcp/server-card.json. Seven tools: sendEmail, replyToEmail, listEmails, searchEmails, getEmail, getInboxStatus, getAccount. . What does Primitive cost? Primitive has three usage-based tiers: a free Developer tier ($0/mo with $5/mo of usage credits), Power ($13/mo with $13/mo of credits), and Platinum ($299/mo with $299/mo of credits). Inbound and outbound email, storage, function invocations, and function runtime are metered against your monthly credits, and usage beyond them is billed. Full breakdown at https://www.primitive.dev/pricing.md . . Is Primitive open source? The SDKs and CLI are public at https://github.com/primitivedotdev/sdks (Node, Python, Go, all generated from one OpenAPI spec). The hosted services run on Primitive infrastructure. . support and reply agents. Give an agent a managed address, run a JavaScript handler on every inbound message, and reply on the same thread with a single HTTP call — no SMTP credentials and no mailbox to poll.. . agent-to-agent contact. Reach any address — a person, a vendor, or another agent — with the primitive chat verb, which sends a message and waits for the threaded reply in a single round trip.. . transactional and inbound email. Send transactional mail from your own domain with managed SPF, DKIM, DMARC, and TLS reporting, and route inbound mail to webhooks or hosted functions through one REST API.. . . get started with your email address get started . . . © 2026 primitive about trust & security docs developers contact privacy legal . . . 📬 You've Got Mail! Read: launch week, release 05 ✕ . .