https://www.syntheticfi.com/blog/securities-backed-loan-sbloc-liquidity-without-selling

How to Access Liquidity Without Selling Your Investments Check out our latest Cboe feature on home purchase. . . . . . . . . Rates. . . How It Works. . . About Us. . . Learn . . FAQ. . . . Log in. . . Talk to a professional. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rates. . . How it works. . . About Us. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . Blog. . . FAQs. . . About Us. . . About Us. . . . Log in. . . Talk to a professional. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rates. . . How It Works. . . About Us. . . Learn . . FAQ. . . . Log in. . . Talk to a professional. . . . . . . . . . . . Back. . Featured. . . Liquidity. . . . . . . . . 5 mins. . . . . How to Access Liquidity Without Selling Your Investments. . Learn what a securities-backed loan (SBL/SBLOC) is, how borrowing against a portfolio works, allowed use cases, key considerations, and when you should consider a SBL over selling stock.. . . . Joseph Wang. . . . Feb 10, 2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Key Takeaways. . Securities-backed loans (a.k.a. SBLs, SBLOCs) allow you to access liquidity without selling by borrowing directly against your investments .. . Why use SBLs: securities-backed borrowing allows your portfolio to continue to grow without interruption and avoid triggering a large taxable event.. . When you should use SBLs: use SBLs when you have short-term or long-term cash or financing needs. Depending on the type of SBL, securities-backed loans can be either non-purpose loans or may be used for any purpose — real estate bridging or purchases, vehicle loans, large tax bills, business investments, and more.. . Who benefits most from SBLs: those with highly appreciated stock, living in high-tax jurisdictions, and investors who expect continued portfolio growth.. . Advanced SBL structures: box spread loans are a form of securities-backed borrowing that may provide greater flexibility than traditional SBLs, including unrestricted use of proceeds, market-based wholesale interest rates, fixed-rate options, and tax-deductible interest.. . . . . What’s the first source of liquidity you think of when you’re in need of cash? Your savings and investment accounts. Here’s why that is both the right and wrong solution.. The Wrong Way to Fund Liquidity Needs: Selling Stock. When most people think of using their investment accounts to fund liquidity needs, they’re thinking of selling stock. Selling assets as a source of liquidity has some major downsides:. Triggers a large capital gains tax bill. . Lose out on the future value of growth. . Your assets could have been working twice as hard for you. . The Better Way to Fund Liquidity Needs: Securities-Backed Loans (SBLs). Robert Kiyosaki, author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad , famously said “Don’t work for money. Make money work for you.” When you’re selling assets to fund your life’s financing needs, you’re losing out on “workers.”. Here’s how to actually use your investment account as a source of liquidity: keep all your assets invested, and borrow against your investments instead. . That’s where securities-backed borrowing comes in. Charles Schwab describes securities-backed borrowing as a way to use your investment portfolio’s securities and “borrow against their value to accomplish goals without upending your wealth management plans.” Now your assets are working twice as hard for you.. Types of Securities-Backed Loans and Common Use Cases. There are 4 main types of securities-backed loans:. Securities-backed line of credit (SBLOC). . Pledged-asset line (PAL). . Margin loan. . Box spread loan . . Box spread loans can be a great fit for many investors and high-net worth clients. . Box spread loans come with the benefit of having no restrictions on use of proceeds , compared to SBLOCs, PALs, and margin loans which all have some form of restrictions on what the loan funds can be used for. In addition, box spread loans typically offer the most competitive rates and come with unique tax benefits , where interest may be treated as capital loss under the IRS 60/40 Rule.. For example, Bloomberg featured how box spread loans allowed SyntheticFi’s co-founder to lock in a 1.6% mortgage in 2021, back when average mortgage rates were around 3.0%, and with no upper limit on interest deductions unlike a traditional mortgage.. Other common use cases beyond real estate purchases include but are not limited to:. auto loan purchases. . bridge loans. . business financing. . arbitrage investing. . lifestyle purchases. . Why Choose Securities-Backed Loans Over Selling Stock. Securities-backed loans make the most sense when the cost of liquidating exceeds the cost of borrowing.. For example, say you’ve saved up $100,000 in your portfolio, but need to finance a $50,000 project today. You have two main options: borrow, or liquidate. The graph below compares the impact on net worth when using each of these options.. When you sell $50,000 in stock, and without even considering the tax impacts, the cost of liquidating exceeds the cost of borrowing in excess of $100,000 over a 10-year horizon; adjusted for outstanding debt, this results in approximately a $33,357 difference in net worth, or a little over 1/3 of the initial value of your portfolio (assuming an average annual return of 8% and a 4% compound interest rate).. * Assumes portfolio growth at 8% annually, 4% SBL interest rate (compounded daily), and monthly deposits of $2,000 into the investment account. Excludes tax considerations. . This is the silent cost of liquidating: when you sell off half of your portfolio today, you forfeit ~33.4% of your starting portfolio over 10 years. This is assuming zero tax consequences; the impact becomes even greater once tax is factored into the equation.. As seen in the exhibit below, this pattern holds true regardless of the starting portfolio value. Even if your borrowing rate were 2% higher, at 6%, you'd still be forfeiting ~16.8% of your starting portfolio over 10 years.. Starting Portfolio Balance . Liquidity Need. Net Worth After 10 Years When Using SBLs. Net Worth After 10 Years When Selling Stock. The Cost of Liquidating, in $ . The Cost of Liquidating, as a % of Starting Portfolio . . $100,000 . $50,000. $516,795. $483,438. $33,357 . 33.36% . . $500,000 . $250,000. $1,082,006 . $915,223 . $166,783 . 33.36% . . $1,000,000 . $500,000. $1,788,521 . $1,454,954 . $333,567 . 33.36% . . $5,000,000 . $2,500,000. $7,440,638 . $5,772,804 . $1,667,834 . 33.36% . . $10,000,000 . $5,000,000. $14,505,784 . $11,170,117 . $3,335,667 . 33.36% . . * Assumes portfolio growth at 8% annually, 4% SBL interest rate (compounded daily), and monthly deposits of $2,000 into the investment account. Excludes tax considerations. . Key Risks and Considerations. Securities-backed loans aren’t for everyone. To be eligible, you must have a taxable brokerage account at a custodian that supports the use of your securities as collateral. The types and specific securities you own may also impact your borrowing eligibility, and these requirements vary depending on your banking institution.. Further, if the value of your collateral drops below custodian-determined minimum maintenance requirements, you may be forced to meet the maintenance requirement, either by selling your assets to pay down your loan size, or by adding more assets to increase the value of your collateral. At SyntheticFi, we recommend working with your financial advisor to determine how much you can safely borrow.. Rule of Thumb: When You Should Use SBLs. Here’s how to decide when to use securities-backed loans versus liquidating, and what type of SBL to use for your cash flow needs:. Check if your portfolio is eligible for a SBL.. If not eligible, consider liquidating or an alternative loan option.. . . If eligible, next determine if your financing need is over a short-term time horizon (typically less than 24 months) or long-term (more than 24 months).. If short-term , then floating rate SBLs may be the best fit for you. This can be supported by all 4 major types of SBLs.. . If long-term , then fixed rate SBLs may be the best fit for you. This can only be supported by box spread loans and certain financial institutions’ SBLOC or PAL programs.. . . Bottom Line. Securities-backed loans can provide liquidity while staying invested, but they involve risks and aren't necessarily right for everyone.. If you think a securities-backed loan may be a fit for you, start a conversation with your financial advisor. If you're exploring a box spread loan, ask your advisor to reach out to SyntheticFi.. . . . . . . . . . . 156 2nd St, Suite 610 San Francisco, CA 94105 (628) 800-0898. . . Backed by. . . . . Contact us. . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . 156 2nd St, Suite 610 San Francisco, CA 94105 (628) 800-0898. . . Backed by. . . . . Contact us. . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . . Backed by. . . . . . Contact us. . . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . . 156 2nd St, Suite 610 San Francisco, CA 94105 (628) 800-0898. . . Backed by. . . . . Contact us. . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . . . .