https://www.syntheticfi.com/blog/syntheticfi-supports-international-clients-when-banks-are-unwilling-to-lend

SyntheticFi Supports International Clients When Banks Are Unwilling to Lend Check out our latest Cboe feature on home purchase. . . . . . . . . Rates. . . How It Works. . . About Us. . . Learn . . FAQ. . . . Log in. . . Talk to a professional. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rates. . . How it works. . . About Us. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . FAQs. . . Blog. . . FAQs. . . About Us. . . About Us. . . . Log in. . . Talk to a professional. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rates. . . How It Works. . . About Us. . . Learn . . FAQ. . . . Log in. . . Talk to a professional. . . . . . . . . . . . Back. . Featured. . . Case Study. . . . . . . . . 4 mins. . . . . SyntheticFi Supports International Clients When Banks Are Unwilling to Lend. . Divergent Capital Asset Management is able to provide securities-backed lending to international clients with SyntheticFi, at lower interest rates.. . . . Joseph Wang. . . . Apr 28, 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Key Takeaways. . Problem : Most banks do not offer Securities-Backed Line of Credits (SBLOC, also known as Pledged Asset Lines) to international clients. That has been a problem for Javier at Divergent, ever since he started working with wealthy families from Latin America.. Solution : SyntheticFi provides Securities-Backed Lending to Javier’s international clients, with a lower interest rate and a higher release rate than bank products.. Outcome : This helps Javier differentiate from other RIA firms when serving international wealth in Miami.. . . . Banks won’t lend to international clients. Javier Loreto, Director of Private Wealth Management at Divergent Capital Asset Management, is based in Miami, Florida. His clients include many HNW and UHNW families based in Latin America. Divergent uses Charles Schwab as the custodian for most of the client assets.. When planning for the complex needs of his international clients, Javier has often looked for liquidity solutions such as Securities-Backed Lending. While there are quite a few banks that provide Securities-Backed Lending on the Schwab platform, they all limit their product to US residents. Because most of Javier’s clients are based in Latin America, they don’t qualify despite sizable investments held at Charles Schwab.. While Javier’s clients qualify for the margin feature at their custodians, the interest rate on custodian margin features is very high, "it's just so expensive" .. Securities-Backed Lending with international coverage. Javier Loreto discovered SyntheticFi through Sora Finance, a lending partner of SyntheticFi. Javier was initially intrigued by the low interest rate that SyntheticFi advertises, but he quickly discovered that SyntheticFi offers much more.. "I've checked with every bank that offers SBLOC products. None of them provide SBLOC to my clients, because they live abroad, like in Columbia or Peru. Apparently, they only work with US residents. SyntheticFi filled this gap for us. Not only does SyntheticFi provide unbeatable interest rates; they support almost every country in Latin America." . Here are things that Javier liked about SyntheticFi . Say yes to borrowing needs of his international clients living in countries like Peru, Columbia, and Spain, so his clients can stay fully invested. . Beat other banks and custodians on lending rates. SyntheticFi interest rate is around SOFR + 0.50%, which is even lower than the margin rate of Interactive Brokers, known to be the one of the lowest in the industry. . Provide flexibility to his clients since SyntheticFi offers a release rate as high as 85% by working with the portfolio margin program at Schwab. . Bring account over from Interactive Brokers. J and M are a married couple and a financial planning client of Javier. They are business owners with an LLC established in the US. Javier has always wanted to upgrade the relationship and manage more of the investments for this household, including the business accounts. . While Javier's firm primarily uses Charles Schwab as custodian, Javier was not able to convince his client to move their business account from Interactive Brokers to Charles Schwab. J and M use the margin feature at Interactive Broker to provide working capital financing for their business, and really values the low margin rates provided by Interactive Brokers.. Javier used SyntheticFi to convince the client to move from Interactive Brokers to Charles Schwab , because SyntheticFi allows the client to get a lower cost of financing at Charles Schwab compared to their existing setup at Interactive Brokers.. "I was not sure what it would be like to transfer their LLC margin account from Interactive Brokers to Schwab. SyntheticFi helped me move the account to Schwab without needing to liquidate any investments. It was a seamless process and we were able to quickly transfer the margin balance to SyntheticFi." . Differentiated solution for international wealth management. SyntheticFi has become the go-to borrowing option for Javier. As Miami welcomes more international wealth, SyntheticFi gives Javier a unique edge to differentiate from other financial advisors.. (Refer to this case study to see how SyntheticFi offers differentiated real estate financing for clients.) . . . . . . . . . . . 156 2nd St, Suite 610 San Francisco, CA 94105 (628) 800-0898. . . Backed by. . . . . Contact us. . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . 156 2nd St, Suite 610 San Francisco, CA 94105 (628) 800-0898. . . Backed by. . . . . Contact us. . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . . Backed by. . . . . . Contact us. . . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . . 156 2nd St, Suite 610 San Francisco, CA 94105 (628) 800-0898. . . Backed by. . . . . Contact us. . . . . . Home . . Rates . . How It Works . . About Us . . Blog . . FAQ . . . . SyntheticFi LLC is an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SyntheticFi does not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. Investing carries inherent risks, and investment outcomes are not guaranteed unless stated otherwise. Before adopting any investment strategy, we strongly recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor and/or tax professional.. All interest rate and tax information is current as of 09/22/2026 and reflects SyntheticFi’s best market estimates. Rates shown are indicative only; SyntheticFi does not guarantee execution at the quoted implied interest rates.. *Rates displayed are illustrative and subject to market changes. Not including SyntheticFi's fees. . †The interest rate and tax deduction savings interactive tool is for illustrative purposes only. Calculations assume interest rate savings equal to 2% of the loan amount and potential tax savings equal to 1% of the loan amount. Actual savings may vary based on market conditions, loan structure, tax circumstances, and individual client eligibility. Savings estimates are based on generalized assumptions and do not constitute tax, legal, or investment advice. Users should consult with their own financial or tax advisors to assess the applicability of any savings in their personal circumstances. This tool does not recommend or favor any specific investment and does not evaluate or compare a universe of alternative lending or investment options. Other financial solutions not analyzed here may offer similar or greater benefits. . ‡APR, or the Annual Percentage Rate, disclosed above is calculated in accordance with the federal Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) guidelines and reflects the estimated total cost of borrowing, inclusive of the maximum fees charged by SyntheticFi that is subject to discount. This is not a rate guarantee. This APR represents the nominal interest rate annualized over monthly compounding periods and incorporates all mandatory periodic payments and final payoff obligations associated with the loan.. We are committed to full transparency and compliance; this rate enables an apples-to-apples comparison with other financing options by including both interest and applicable service fees in accordance with regulatory standards.. . You can check the background of SyntheticFi LLC on the website of the SEC . Please refer to our Form CRS and Firm Brochure for important disclosures.. . By using syntheticfi.com, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. . . . . . . . . . . .