https://www.raycast.com/blog/series-b

$30M Series B to bring Raycast to new platforms - Raycast Blog . . . . . . . Store Pro AI iOS Windows Teams Enterprise Blog Pricing . Log in . Log in . . . . $30M Series B to bring Raycast to new platforms. Announcing our Series B to bring Raycast to Windows and iOS. Thomas Paul Mann . . . September 25, 2024 . . . Raycast started in 2020 and now powers the work of hundreds of thousands of Mac users worldwide. Today, we’re thrilled to announce our $30M Series B to bring Raycast to Windows and iOS. This takes us one step closer to realizing our vision of a productivity suite for everyone.. Raycast for Windows . Until now, Raycast has been exclusive to macOS. Over the years, demand for a Windows version has grown significantly. Today, we're excited to announce that Raycast will be available for Windows in 2025. Sign up for the waitlist below to be among the first to experience it, with initial invites going out later this year. . Raycast for Windows is now in public beta. Check it out by clicking the button below.. Introducing Raycast for Windows . Raycast's powerful features and high quality have made it indispensable for professionals, from developers and designers to the founders of unicorn companies. It’s time that this productivity boost is unleashed to all Windows users as well. 2025 will be big!. Raycast for iOS . Since our launch, we have continuously added features with our bi-weekly releases. You can now take notes, chat with AI, organize your bookmarks, and much more . The more Raycast reshapes your productivity, the more you miss it when you're on the go. Today, we’re excited to announce Raycast for iOS with a waitlist, expecting to invite users throughout the rest of the year. . Raycast for iOS . This summer, we worked with a few hundred participants together to explore what Raycast means for iOS. Some features are easier to adapt for mobile, while others need rethinking to feel truly at home on the platform. Ultimately, we want the app to be a great companion that keeps your productivity in sync with your computer. And for that, we need the input from all of you.. In 2020, we set ourselves up to change how people use their computers. What sounded silly back then, became reality now and people can’t use their Mac without Raycast anymore . Now, we’re reimagining how people use Windows and reshaping productivity on iOS.. . . Product. Store Pro Teams Pricing Changelog Browser Extension Developers iOS Windows Raycast 2.0 API Docs Manual Troubleshooting Raycast vs Alfred FAQ . . Core Features. Raycast AI Raycast Notes Raycast Focus Clipboard History Window Management Snippets File Search Quicklinks Calculator Calendar System Emoji Picker . . Top Extensions. Design Tools Developer Tools Pomodoro Timer Productivity Project Management Time Management Transcript Translation Work From Home AI . . Company. Manifesto Customers Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy DPA Trust Center Press Kit Contact . . Community. Community Stories Ambassadors Slack X/Twitter GitHub Dribbble . . By Raycast. Keyboard Glaze Explore Snippets Explore Quicklinks Prompts Chat Presets ray.so Icon Maker Merch Wallpapers . . . Subscribe to our newsletter.. Get product updates and news in your inbox. No spam.. . . . . By submitting your email address, you agree to receive Raycast’s monthly newsletter. For more information, please read our privacy policy . You can always withdraw your consent. . . . . .