https://asherbio.com/about-us/

About Us - Asher Bio Home . About Us . Our Platform . Pipeline Pipeline . Etakafusp alfa . AB821 . AB359 . Cis-targeted Cytokine Augmentation of Cell Therapies . Presentations & Publications . . Careers . News Press Releases . In The News . . Contact Us . . . . . About Us. Our singular focus at Asher Bio . is to develop immunotherapies that contribute to the one outcome that matters – restoring hope, health, and happiness in the lives of patients.. . . . . . Our pioneering platform enables cis-targeted immunotherapies.. Cis-targeting has the potential to solve the most significant and challenging problem with immunotherapies: selectivity.. . We are innovating a solution to a decades-old challenge of precision immune cell targeting.. Immunotherapy is a significant breakthrough for the treatment of cancer and other diseases, but achieving the ideal level of precision remains a challenge, in part due to the inherent complexity of the immune system, which requires the coordinated action of many different cell types, as well as the abundant expression of immunotherapy targets across diverse cell types. Asher Bio is transforming the power of immunotherapy with new medicines designed to selectively activate only the immune cell types that promote a beneficial therapeutic effect, while simultaneously avoiding the opposing, antagonistic, and toxic effects driven by other immune cell types.. . Our lead program is etakafusp alfa (formerly known as AB248), an IL-2 immunotherapy cis-targeted to CD8+ T cells.. Etakafusp alfa has demonstrated proof of mechanism and activity with a highly differentiated clinical profile in initial data from the ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial. As a potential best-in-class IL-2, we are developing etakafusp alfa for the treatment of solid tumors. Beyond etakafusp alfa, Asher Bio is applying our cis-targeting discovery platform to develop additional immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious disease.. . Our team is experienced, entrepreneurial, and inspired.. Our leaders and scientific founders have deep expertise in immunotherapies and in building successful biotech companies. We are thriving and growing in the biotech hub of South San Francisco.. . . . . Management Team. . . Ivana Djuretic, PhD . Founder, Chief Executive Officer. . . . Ivana Djuretic, PhD . Founder, Chief Executive Officer. . . Ivana is the Chief Executive Officer, Board Member, and Co-Founder of Asher Bio. She is leading discovery, immuno-biology, and early development of Asher Bio’s immuno-oncology and autoimmunity programs.. Prior to founding Asher Bio, Ivana was Head of Cytokine Biology at Pfizer’s Cancer Immunology Discovery Unit, where she spearheaded novel programs in the area of cytokine immunotherapy of cancer. During her tenure at Pfizer, Ivana was also involved in T-cell redirection programs, including CD3 bispecific antibodies and allogeneic CAR-T cell therapies. Previously, Ivana held roles of increasing responsibility at Celgene and Tempero Pharmaceuticals, a GSK company. At Celgene, she led cell therapy programs with allogeneic NK cells (PNK-007) and autologous T cells from preclinical development through IND filing and phase I.. Ivana earned her Ph.D. in Immunology from Harvard University under Dr. Anjana Rao, the world leader in understanding the regulation of cytokine genes in T cells, and a B.S. in Biochemistry at the University of Massachusetts. She conducted postdoctoral research in the lab of Dan Littman at the New York University. Ivana is passionate about bringing drugs to patients in record time.. . . . . . Edward Garmey, MD. Consulting CMO. . . . Edward Garmey, MD. Consulting CMO. . . Edward Garmey, M.D. is Interim CMO of AsherBio and an oncology drug development consultant. Dr. Garmey was formerly Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President at Cerulean Pharma, Inc., a clinical-stage oncology company based in Waltham, MA focused on the design and development of nanopharmaceutical-drug-conjugates differentially directed to cancer cells. Under his tenure at Cerulean, the company completed a successful IPO (NASDAQ:CERU) in April, 2014, and its clinical group, while increasing in size from one to 12 employees including three oncologist M.D.s, launched eight clinical trials and brought its second experimental drug into the clinic. Prior to being appointed to this role in 2011, Dr. Garmey served between 2008 and 2011 as Vice President for Clinical Development at ArQule, Inc., a publicly-traded cancer-focused biotechnology company located in Woburn, MA., where he developed and oversaw multiple international clinical trials of its lead product, ARQ 197 (tivantinib). Dr. Garmey additionally served there as a clinical development liaison with external development partners and assisted in the planning and execution of a license, co-development and co-commercialization agreement for the development of ARQ 197 in the United States and Europe. Prior to arriving at ArQule, Dr. Garmey was Medical Director at GPC Biotech in Princeton, New Jersey, where he helped oversee multiple global clinical development studies.. A pediatric hematologist-oncologist by training, Dr. Garmey is a graduate of Harvard and New York Universities and completed his medical training at the Mount Sinai Medical Center (N.Y.); the Children’s Hospital of Los Angeles; and the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (N.Y.). Dr. Garmey completed additional research fellowships at the National Institutes of Health (1998-99) and Botswana-Harvard Partnership for H.I.V. Research in Gaborone, Botswana (1999-2000) and he is a recipient of young investigators awards from the American Society of Hematology and the American Heart Association. Dr. Garmey has presented at numerous international conferences and is an author on over 50 peer-reviewed abstracts and manuscripts. In 2009, he was appointed as a medical consultant to the New York City Investment Fund’s $1.25 Million “BioAccelerate NYC Prize” for biomedical research. Additionally, in 2011, he was appointed to the scientific advisory board of the Harvard-MIT Broad Institute’s Cancer Vaccine Initiative. Dr. Garmey resides near Boston, Massachusetts, where he serves as an adjunct instructor at Harvard Medical School’s Therapeutics Graduate Program and additionally as a member of the Board of Overseers at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.. . . . . . Noopur Liffick, MPH. CFO / CBO. . . . Noopur Liffick, MPH. CFO / CBO. . . Noopur Liffick is Consulting CFO and CBO of Asher Bio and Founder of NBL LifeSci Advisory. She is a biotech finance and strategy executive with over two decades of experience guiding life science companies through transformative milestones, including reverse mergers, capital raises and M&A transactions. She advises companies across development stages on capital allocation, investor engagement, business development and financing strategy.. Most recently, Ms. Liffick served as Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Chinook Therapeutics. In that role, she partnered closely with the CEO and board to take the company public through a reverse merger with Aduro Biotech in 2020, raise over $650 million across multiple financings, and support Chinook’s $3.5 billion acquisition by Novartis in 2023. She also represented Chinook as a board director at Sairopa BV, a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company.. Earlier in her career, Ms. Liffick served as Vice President of Corporate Development at Rezolute, where she led in-licensing transactions and investor relations activities, raising more than $50 million in capital. She previously held senior roles in investor relations and corporate communications at Aduro Biotech and in healthcare research at GLG, where she worked extensively with investment firms, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.. She holds a Master of Public Health in Health Policy and Management from Columbia University and a Bachelor of Arts in Molecular Cell Biology from the University of California, Berkeley.. . . . . . Julie Trulson, Ph.D.. Vice President, Head of CMC. . . . Julie Trulson, Ph.D.. Vice President, Head of CMC. . . Julie is Vice President, Head of CMC and is responsible for drug supply activities across the portfolio including process development, manufacturing and distribution of clinical trial materials. She brings 25 years of experience in clinical and commercial stage biopharmaceutical development within both biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Immediately prior to Asher Bio she built and led CMC cross-functional teams at Allogene, which were responsible for defining allogenic cell therapy drug program strategy as well as delivering clinical supply. Prior to her work in the cell therapy space, she was Executive Director, Head of Process Development and Manufacturing at OncoMed, which had a substantial pipeline of partnered clinical stage biologic candidates focused on oncology and immuno-oncology. Before OncoMed she held scientific positions in Process Development at Amgen, Boehringer Ingelheim, Abgenix and other start-up companies, focused on biologic formulation development and drug product manufacturing/ site transfers. In these scientific roles she also led cross-functional product teams and was the global technical leader of Vectibix ® during the US and ex-US launches, including all ex-US regulatory filings, approvals and global post-launch regulatory submissions. Julie has a Ph.D. in Chemistry from University of California, Santa Cruz and a B.S. in Biochemistry from Washington State University.. . . . . . Jamie Kwang. Head of Operations. . . . Jamie Kwang. Head of Operations. . . . . . . . Danielle Pappas. Senior Scientist, Biomarkers. . . . Danielle Pappas. Senior Scientist, Biomarkers. . . . . . . . . . Scientific Founders. . . Bob Schreiber, PhD. Professor of Pathology & Immunology; Director, Bursky Center for Human Immunology & Immunotherapy Programs; Washington University School of Medicine. . . . Bob Schreiber, PhD. Professor of Pathology & Immunology; Director, Bursky Center for Human Immunology & Immunotherapy Programs; Washington University School of Medicine. . . Dr. Schreiber is Alumni Professor, Pathology and Immunology; Professor, Molecular Microbiology; and Director, Center for Human Immunology and Immunotherapy Programs at the Washington University School of Medicine. He is also co-leader of the Tumor Immunology Program of Washington University’s Siteman Comprehensive Cancer Center, Director of the newly formed Washington University Center for Human Immunology and Immunotherapy Programs and an Associate Director of the Scientific Advisory Board to the Cancer Research Institute. Dr. Schreiber’s work has focused on elucidating the biochemistry and molecular cell biology of cytokines and defining the role they play in promoting immune responses to cancer. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He has received, amongst others, the William B. Coley Award for Distinguished Research in Basic and Tumor Immunology from Cancer Research Institute (2001), the Charles Rodolphe Brupbacher Cancer Research Award (2007), the AACR-Cancer Research Institute Lloyd J. Old Award in Cancer Immunology (2014), and served as Co-Editor-in-Chief of Cancer Immunology Research (2015.) He was a postdoctoral fellow at the State University of New York in Buffalo, New York, as well as at The Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California.. . . . . . Ton Schumacher, PhD . Senior Member at Netherlands Cancer Institute, Professor of Immuno-technology at Leiden University. . . . Ton Schumacher, PhD . Senior Member at Netherlands Cancer Institute, Professor of Immuno-technology at Leiden University. . . Ton Schumacher is Principal Investigator at The Netherlands Cancer Institute and Oncode Institute and is Professor of Immunotechnology at Leiden University. In his academic role, he has made seminal contributions to our understanding of how T cells recognize human cancer, and the central role of cancer neoantigens in cancer immunotherapies. Ton has been founder of a number of biotechs, including T Cell Factory (acquired by Kite Pharma), Neon Therapeutics (acquired by BioNTech), and Neogene Therapeutics, and he is Venture Partner at Third Rock Ventures. Ton has published over 250 scientific articles, and is a recipient of, amongst others, the Amsterdam Inventor Award (2010), the Queen Wilhelmina Cancer Research Award (2014), the Meyenburg Cancer Research Award (2015), the William B. Coley Award in Cancer Immunology (2016), the Simon Stevin Award (2020), and the Louis-Jeantet Prize for Medicine (2021).. . . . . . Ivana Djuretic, PhD. Chief Executive Officer of Asher Bio. . . . Ivana Djuretic, PhD. Chief Executive Officer of Asher Bio. . . Ivana is the Chief Executive Officer, Board Member, and Co-Founder of Asher Bio. She is leading discovery, immuno-biology, and early development of Asher Bio’s immuno-oncology and autoimmunity programs.. Prior to founding Asher Bio, Ivana was Head of Cytokine Biology at Pfizer’s Cancer Immunology Discovery Unit, where she spearheaded novel programs in the area of cytokine immunotherapy of cancer. During her tenure at Pfizer, Ivana was also involved in T-cell redirection programs, including CD3 bispecific antibodies and allogeneic CAR-T cell therapies. Previously, Ivana held roles of increasing responsibility at Celgene and Tempero Pharmaceuticals, a GSK company. At Celgene, she led cell therapy programs with allogeneic NK cells (PNK-007) and autologous T cells from preclinical development through IND filing and phase I.. Ivana earned her Ph.D. in Immunology from Harvard University under Dr. Anjana Rao, the world leader in understanding the regulation of cytokine genes in T cells, and a B.S. in Biochemistry at the University of Massachusetts. She conducted postdoctoral research in the lab of Dan Littman at the New York University. Ivana is passionate about bringing drugs to patients in record time.. . . . . . Andy Yeung, PhD. Founder & Board Observer of Asher Bio. . . . Andy Yeung, PhD. Founder & Board Observer of Asher Bio. . . Andy Yeung is passionate about carrying out innovative drug design and research to deliver more effective immunotherapy drugs to patients. He brings extensive experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, focusing on discovery and development. Andy co-founded Asher Bio in 2019 and currently serves as the C.T.O. and Board observer of Asher Bio, responsible for initiating drug concepts and leading the engineering and technology development of antibody and cytokine candidates.. Previously Andy spent ten years at Pfizer, most recently holding the title, Director of Biotherapeutic Design and Discovery. Andy led protein engineering efforts for programs in metabolic diseases, ophthalmology, infectious diseases, and oncology (CD3 bispecific, CAR-T, immune-oncology antibodies and cytokines). Andy’s work directly led to five preclinical research projects advancing through IND-enabling development into the clinic.. Prior to Pfizer, Andy spent four years in the Antibody Engineering Department at Genentech as a postdoctoral fellow. He has published numerous articles in peer-reviewed journals and is an inventor on 15 issued patents and patent applications. He received his Ph.D. in Chemical engineering and M.S. in Chemical Engineering Practice from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a B.Sc. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.. . . . . . . . Board of Directors. Bob Deresiewicz, MD – Former Partner and Portfolio Manager, Wellington Management Company, LLP. Ivana Djuretic, PhD – Founder, Chief Executive Officer of Asher Bio. Reid Huber, PhD – Partner at Third Rock Ventures. Elaine Sun – Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Mammoth Biosciences, Inc. . Jeffrey Tong, PhD – Partner at Third Rock Ventures. . . . . . Scientific Advisory Board. George Georgiou, PhD – Professor and member of the faculties of Chemical Engineering, Molecular Biosciences, Biomedical Engineering as well as the Department of Oncology, Dell Medical School, University of Texas at Austin. Miriam Merad, MD, PhD – Director of the Precision Immunology Institute at Mount Sinai School of Medicine and Director of the Mount Sinai Human Immune Monitoring Center. Robert D. Schreiber, PhD – Bursky Distinguished Professor and Interim Head, Immunobiology Division, Department of Pathology and Immunology at Washington University School of Medicine; Director, Bursky Center for Human Immunology and Immunotherapy Programs. Ton Schumacher, PhD – Principal Investigator at The Netherlands Cancer Institute and Oncode Institute and Professor of Immunotechnology at Leiden University. Padmanee Sharma, MD, PhD – Professor, Departments of Immunology & GU Medical Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center . Mario Sznol, MD – Professor of Internal Medicine, Leader of the Melanoma-Renal Cancer Disease-Associated Translational Research Team, and Co-Leader of the Cancer Immunology Program at the Yale Cancer Center. . . . . . Investors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Asher Biotherapeutics, Inc. . 650 Gateway Blvd. Suite 100. South San Francisco, CA 94080 . . Privacy Policy . info@AsherBio.com . . . ©Asher Bio 2026 . . . . . This links to an external website.. Continue . . This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about the cookies used on this website and how to change your settings. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies.. Cookie settings . ACCEPT . . . Manage consent . Close Privacy Overview. This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.. . . . Necessary Necessary . Always Enabled . Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description . cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". . cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". . cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. . cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". . cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". . viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. . . . . . Functional Functional . . Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. . . . . Performance Performance . . Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. . . . . Analytics Analytics . . Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. . . . . Advertisement Advertisement . . Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. . . . . . . . . SAVE & ACCEPT . . . . . . . . . .