https://www.keye.co/post/agents-of-change-pe-analysts-powering-deals

Agents of Change: The PE Analysts Powering Tomorrow's Deals | Sep 07, 2024 Diligence Platform . Company . Blog . Request a Demo. . . . . . . . September 7, 2024. Agents of Change: The PE Analysts Powering Tomorrow's Deals. This month, we interviewed PE analysts – those who spend day in and day out sifting through documents, evaluating companies and modeling investment scenarios. While some of the most intense speculation around AI has to do with where it might replace knowledge work, our conversations with teams of analysts reveal a different story. . . . . . . . . In the past two months, we’ve spoken with vice presidents and associates at private equity firms, the senior deal-makers who comprise the core of investment work. But what about analysts, the often fresh-out-of-college or former investment banking professionals who are at the front lines where AI might play a role? This month, we interviewed just that cohort – the junior analysts who spend day in and day out sifting through documents, evaluating companies and modeling investment scenarios. While some of the most intense speculation around AI has to do with where it might replace knowledge work, our conversations with teams of analysts reveal a different story. . Far from fearing AI, junior employees are often the ones championing its integration, confident in their irreplaceable professional acumen—at least for now. As discussed in earlier articles in our "R-AI" series , private equity firms are eyeing AI adoption in AI evaluation, validation and value delivery. This is not dissimilar to the approach taken across corporate finance and strategy teams in M&A. Perhaps in both cases, it is the frontline associates and analysts who are most likely to be intimately familiar with the workflows at hand.. . Source: Bain & Co. Embracing Digital Tools Amidst Rising Expectations . Today's analysts are among the first wave of professionals who are digital natives, born between 1996-2002. They are comfortable with technology, and some of them even began using it in college or their first job. This comfort, however, comes with its own set of challenges. Despite their proficiency, junior workers often experience higher pressure for manual work, navigating the tension between high expectations for technology adoption and manual rigor or familiarity with the work at hand. According to Bain , young workers see the highest average stress levels, but also show the most interest in automation and AI/ML.. When it came to analysts in PE, we observed a specific set of perspectives on this tension, which came up again and again in conversation. The vast majority of those we spoke with are excited about private equity work, and find that the intrinsic motivation to do well, get invested and excited about the space, with the promise of the career path that PE offers, outweighs many of the potential stressors of the workload. This decreases the incentive to offload it to automation, offshoring or similar approaches. . Even when we discussed the positive promise of generative AI (aiding, rather than replacing analysis work), analysts were excited, but skeptical, that tools were ready for adoption. Because of the degree of ownership felt over the core work of actually reasoning through the deal materials, many were reluctant to give this thinking up to robots. “Once you start having an AI do all of the work, you lose the thread on actually thinking through the hard parts of the deal that need a human decision-maker”, said one senior analyst from a New York-based PE shop. . This is a line of reasoning that we have heard frequently via our work at Keye , as well. “Analysis work” is not a pain point to be solved, but rather a core element of the job itself. That is why Keye, along with many other AI firms working in the analysis space, is less focused on automation and more interested in how technology can augment and enhance what humans are doing – which is what we hope to see reflected in studies on AI in the workplace going forward.. AI and Routine Financial Tasks: A Paradigm Shift . The majority of routine tasks that once occupied the bulk of a financial analyst’s day are increasingly the focus of AI application-makers for financial industries, like the ones we talked about in our market map article . Compiling profit and loss statements, basic financial forecasts, and roles traditionally focused on accounts receivable/payable and invoicing are now efficiently handled by AI systems, with less and less human oversight required for final verifications.. Some firms are also developing these tools in-house, with a heavy degree of involvement from front-line teams to help shape the process. For instance, one analyst leading an AI working group at a Boston-based PE firm has helped develop “a tool that acts as a copilot during the initial stages of client engagement”. Specifically helpful during the sourcing stage of identifying new deals, it uses a RAG-based system to scan through lists of prospective companies, gathers the latest news on each from the web, and crafts personalized introductory emails using AI-generated content. This tool reduces what used to be days of work into mere hours, processing information for over thirty companies swiftly and effectively.. Of course, such tools still require heavy amounts of human interaction, and this seems to be the sweet spot where many analysts are pushing their managers to invest and build tools. The integration of AI into private equity not only streamlines workflows but also opens new avenues for strategic analysis and decision-making. For example, many analysts are expected to be on the front lines of information gathering: reporting, newsletters, opposition research, and trend analysis—both macro and micro—are areas ripe for AI application. . The potential for AI to handle these complex tasks can significantly alter the role analysts play within the firm. Once considered more within the ‘frontline’ category of work, processing and gathering information rather than actually making decisions, analysts now have reach over a much broader range of activities. While still technically low on the decision-making tree, the ability to work with co-pilots is giving analysts a much closer look at real deal work, and in some cases, acts as an accelerant for their own career paths, in addition to the effectiveness of the firm.. This sentiment highlights a broader shift: as mundane tasks are automated, analysts can focus on higher-level strategies and creative aspects of financial management, enhancing their roles rather than diminishing them.. Future Outlook: Driving Bottoms-Up Transformation . One question that arose while investigating analysts’ role in driving the AI transformation in PE, is the same question that comes up in most conversations with financial professionals: can analysts actually use LLM-based tools when it comes to investment work? Are there still concerns about privacy, hallucination and effectiveness, and, more tactically, do their bosses allow them to use chatbots, summarization co-pilots, and other helpful software?. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the answer is similar to what more senior team members like associates and VPs tell us: for the most part, larger funds are limiting the adoption of 3rd-party tools and experimenting internally, while allowing the use of some co-pilot functionality within existing platforms like Microsoft Office. At smaller funds, the policy may be slightly more lax, allowing investors to use Gemini or other web-driven LLMs to offer initial takes on industry overviews and other content to “get up to speed”.. In these environments, analysts are pushing the envelope for experimenting with generative AI in processes like due diligence, where they stand to benefit the most in terms of time savings. Often, we have even spoken and worked with analysts who are directly involved in the process of evaluating and selecting vendors.. "The possibility of introducing AI into our daily workflows has been exciting, especially in automating mundane tasks," explains a junior analyst at a prominent New York-based private equity firm. The same analyst, who spearheaded the development of an automated tool for processing prospective companies, adds, "What used to be a grueling, multi-day project can now be accomplished in just a few hours. It’s about leveraging technology to work smarter, not harder, so we can focus on the most challenging content in the data room.". That conviction seems to be echoed across the industry, where AI integration is seen not as a replacement threat but as a significant efficiency booster. "Last year, our team automated over a million hours of basic financial tasks," shared a data scientist at an investment bank who was considering a move to the investing side of the house. "AI hasn't just sped up processes; it's freed our analysts to tackle complex problems and innovate new strategies." . Often, these technology and data science teams are working with analysts to scope the needs and opportunities for AI in sourcing, due diligence and modeling. Rather than impose their beliefs, managers and directors, at least at some funds, are content to let decentralized innovation drive some of the initial strategy for experimenting with AI.. While strategies can vary significantly from fund to fund, it is clear that many analysts feel both excited by AI’s potential to enhance their work and careers, and empowered to drive that change within their firms. While we have yet to dive deeper into the perspectives of the most senior firm leadership, follow this newsletter to hear managing director and CTO viewpoints as we close out the Agents of Change series in the coming month.. . . . . . Recent Blogs posted from our team. . . See more from our latest series on AI in the private finance space.. . . . . There is no previous post. . . . There is no next post. . . . . . . Building the Stack: AI for Competitive Advantage. AI adoption just reached an all-time high among financial firms. Funds are doing everything from building their own models to testing solutions up and down the stack. What does this stack look like, and where should you start? We talked to dozens of investors and solution providers to find out. Learn more in our latest blog post below.. . . . Agents of Change: The CIOs Leading AI Transformations. CIOs are thinking a lot about generative AI these days. Often, they are the final decision-makers when it comes to adopting new technologies like large language models in context of private equity and other financial firms. We sat down with tech executives at several leading PE shops to learn more about how they are approaching these strategic decisions.. . . . What Private Equity MDs Really Think About AI. Due diligence isn’t just a core risk or differentiator – speaking to several fund managers working more heavily with technology investment targets, it’s also getting more complex as the scope of DD expands. Whereas it traditionally may have covered financials, commercials and legal, teams are now regularly diligencing IT, cybersecurity and ESG, all of which is relatively data intensive and can often be better handled by AI systems.. . . . Agents of Change: PE Associates in the AI Age. For our Agents of Change series, we speak with real decision-makers at investment firms to understand the impact AI is having on finance roles today. Our series kicks off with a profile of the Private Equity Associate, a top destination for some of the most talented investors in private capital. Read on to discover how these leaders are pushing for technological change in the finance industry, and the gaps AI companies need to bridge in order to make a difference.. . . . Are Big Tech’s AI Solutions a Fit for Finance?. Given the dominance of Office in the financial industry, it is hard to dismiss the case outright that Microsoft will offer compelling AI solutions for its core user base. While it is easier to say that Google’s Gemini will likely play a role elsewhere, Microsoft does seem intent on pushing AI adoption among its traditional customers like investment and consulting firms. In addition, we are already seeing the most adoption among private finance firms of OpenAI and Microsoft AI products.. . . . "Now is the time to act": Compelling Use Cases for AI Today. How exactly should private equity investors be thinking of using ai? It's clear that within a few years, most firms will have adopted this transformative technology, but how it is deployed will determine who establishes the largest competitive advantage. The second article in our series on AI in private capital further explores the most effective areas for investors to deploy machine learning and more.. . . . Agents of Change: The VPs Taking Deals to the Next Level. Innovation in traditional industries like consulting, law and finance is no task for the faint of heart. While most investors and financial professionals agree that change will eventually come to their function as AI progresses, to embrace it and push for it is another mindset entirely.. . . . In PE, 99% Accuracy Is 100% Wrong. In Private Equity, there’s no margin for error. 99% accuracy is still 100% wrong. New AI tools for Excel may generate buzz, but they can’t overcome the determinism wall where the same input produces different outputs. In diligence, that ends the deal. At Keye, we’ve spent the last 14 months building a platform designed for investors, one that is deterministic, transparent, and built for 100% accuracy every time.. . . . The Future of Finance AI: Winners and Returns. Interested in how PE firms are using generative AI to improve their investment processes *today*? In the final article of our "Return On AI" series, we give you a peak under the hood of how we think about solving efficiency challenges in the due diligence space, and how investors we talk to think about implementing similar systems.. . . . RAG in Finance: Cutting-Edge or Yesterday’s News?. In the early days of commercial LLMs, capabilities were defined by models' inherent architecture and the way they made use of their underlying training data. When you asked a question to a chatbot, it would famously tell you that it only had knowledge going up to 2021. Additionally, chatbots could only process and remember so much information in a prompt. You had to be very specific, clear and consistent in your prompting if you wanted the same in your outputs. Even then, what LLMs could generate was limited by the information they had access to.. . . . Introducing Capital AI: Your Private Investment Edge. Introducing our brand new article series, Capital AI. You can find us every other week here, or on the Keye Linkedin page.. . . . The Hidden Costs of Manual Due Diligence in Private Equity. Manual due diligence is costing private equity firms valuable time and money. With outdated methods and increasing complexity, firms risk missing opportunities and making flawed decisions. This post explores the hidden costs and how automation can streamline the process for better results.. . . . A Primer for Buyers of Enterprise AI. Our Enterprise buying guide walks you through the primary classes of AI applications and how to understand them.. . . . Agents of Change: The PE Analysts Powering Tomorrow's Deals. This month, we interviewed PE analysts – those who spend day in and day out sifting through documents, evaluating companies and modeling investment scenarios. While some of the most intense speculation around AI has to do with where it might replace knowledge work, our conversations with teams of analysts reveal a different story. . . . . Can AI do math yet?. Today, leading large language models (LLMs) will attempt to generate advanced mathematical visualizations, walk you through the steps of an analysis, and derive insights from datasets. While many mathematical queries made to leading chatbots still result in hallucination, failure mode, and similarly frustrating outcomes, the realm of usable tools and response types is expanding. If you ask OpenAI, their next release is supposed to be even more promising.. . . . Mapping the Market: AI Landscape for Private Finance. We just published a deep dive of the AI finance market on our blog, breaking down the components of the market map we published last week. Learn more about some of the leading companies in the space and how buyers are navigating it in our latest article.. . . . A Helpful AI Matrix: Broad vs. Narrow, Build or Buy?. We'll walk you through what to think about as you're deploying AI solutions at your investment firm.. . . . We Built the Diligence Platform We Wish We Had. We raised $5M from Sorenson Capital, General Catalyst, Y Combinator, and angels from Shopify and InVision to fix a problem we knew too well. PE teams move fast, but their tools haven't. So we built Keye: an AI powered diligence engine that turns messy datarooms into clean, decision-ready insights. This is the product we wish we had.. . . . "R-AI": The Case for Artificial Intelligence in Finance. What kind of return should investors expect on their firm's investment in AI? With close to half of all private equity investors already working on ways to use this transformative technology, it's important to stop and think about the motivating reasons for your strategy. The first article in our new series on AI in private capital dives into these questions, and sets the stage for our upcoming deep dive on the most effective applications of artificial intelligence in finance.. . . . . . . . . . See What Keye Can Do with Your Deal Data. From raw files to real insights, Keye automates the heavy lift so your team moves faster, thinks sharper, and makes better calls with less risk.. . . Try Keye on your deal. . . . . Keye helps investors accelerate and enhance due diligence with a proprietary AI platform.. . Want to stay in the loop?. . Thank you!. Thank you! . Your submission has been received!. . Oops! . Something went wrong! Try again later. . . . . Links. Home Diligence Platform Company Careers Blog . . Follow Us. LinkedIn. . . . . © 2025 Keye. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy . . . . .