https://www.keye.co/blog

Capital AI: An Industry-Leading Blog by Keye Diligence Platform Company Blog. Request a Demo. Sign in. . . . . . . . Capital. . AI:. . Our. . Industry-Leading. . Blog. . . Capital AI: Our Industry-Leading Blog . . . Capital AI is your knowledge source on artificial intelligence in financial markets. We publish new articles bi-weekly here on our site and on Linkedin .. . . . In PE, 99% Accuracy Is 100% Wrong. In Private Equity, there’s no margin for error. 99% accuracy is still 100% wrong. New AI tools for Excel may generate buzz, but they can’t overcome the determinism wall where the same input produces different outputs. In diligence, that ends the deal. At Keye, we’ve spent the last 14 months building a platform designed for investors, one that is deterministic, transparent, and built for 100% accuracy every time.. . . . We Built the Diligence Platform We Wish We Had. We raised $5M from Sorenson Capital, General Catalyst, Y Combinator, and angels from Shopify and InVision to fix a problem we knew too well. PE teams move fast, but their tools haven't. So we built Keye: an AI powered diligence engine that turns messy datarooms into clean, decision-ready insights. This is the product we wish we had.. . . . The Hidden Costs of Manual Due Diligence in Private Equity. Manual due diligence is costing private equity firms valuable time and money. With outdated methods and increasing complexity, firms risk missing opportunities and making flawed decisions. This post explores the hidden costs and how automation can streamline the process for better results.. . . . What Private Equity MDs Really Think About AI. Due diligence isn’t just a core risk or differentiator – speaking to several fund managers working more heavily with technology investment targets, it’s also getting more complex as the scope of DD expands. Whereas it traditionally may have covered financials, commercials and legal, teams are now regularly diligencing IT, cybersecurity and ESG, all of which is relatively data intensive and can often be better handled by AI systems.. . . . Are Big Tech’s AI Solutions a Fit for Finance?. Given the dominance of Office in the financial industry, it is hard to dismiss the case outright that Microsoft will offer compelling AI solutions for its core user base. While it is easier to say that Google’s Gemini will likely play a role elsewhere, Microsoft does seem intent on pushing AI adoption among its traditional customers like investment and consulting firms. In addition, we are already seeing the most adoption among private finance firms of OpenAI and Microsoft AI products.. . . . Agents of Change: The CIOs Leading AI Transformations. CIOs are thinking a lot about generative AI these days. Often, they are the final decision-makers when it comes to adopting new technologies like large language models in context of private equity and other financial firms. We sat down with tech executives at several leading PE shops to learn more about how they are approaching these strategic decisions.. . . . Can AI do math yet?. Today, leading large language models (LLMs) will attempt to generate advanced mathematical visualizations, walk you through the steps of an analysis, and derive insights from datasets. While many mathematical queries made to leading chatbots still result in hallucination, failure mode, and similarly frustrating outcomes, the realm of usable tools and response types is expanding. If you ask OpenAI, their next release is supposed to be even more promising.. . . . Agents of Change: The PE Analysts Powering Tomorrow's Deals. This month, we interviewed PE analysts – those who spend day in and day out sifting through documents, evaluating companies and modeling investment scenarios. While some of the most intense speculation around AI has to do with where it might replace knowledge work, our conversations with teams of analysts reveal a different story. . . . . RAG in Finance: Cutting-Edge or Yesterday’s News?. In the early days of commercial LLMs, capabilities were defined by models' inherent architecture and the way they made use of their underlying training data. When you asked a question to a chatbot, it would famously tell you that it only had knowledge going up to 2021. Additionally, chatbots could only process and remember so much information in a prompt. You had to be very specific, clear and consistent in your prompting if you wanted the same in your outputs. Even then, what LLMs could generate was limited by the information they had access to.. . . . Agents of Change: The VPs Taking Deals to the Next Level. Innovation in traditional industries like consulting, law and finance is no task for the faint of heart. While most investors and financial professionals agree that change will eventually come to their function as AI progresses, to embrace it and push for it is another mindset entirely.. . . . A Primer for Buyers of Enterprise AI. Our Enterprise buying guide walks you through the primary classes of AI applications and how to understand them.. . . . Agents of Change: PE Associates in the AI Age. For our Agents of Change series, we speak with real decision-makers at investment firms to understand the impact AI is having on finance roles today. Our series kicks off with a profile of the Private Equity Associate, a top destination for some of the most talented investors in private capital. Read on to discover how these leaders are pushing for technological change in the finance industry, and the gaps AI companies need to bridge in order to make a difference.. . . . A Helpful AI Matrix: Broad vs. Narrow, Build or Buy?. We'll walk you through what to think about as you're deploying AI solutions at your investment firm.. . . . The Future of Finance AI: Winners and Returns. Interested in how PE firms are using generative AI to improve their investment processes *today*? In the final article of our "Return On AI" series, we give you a peak under the hood of how we think about solving efficiency challenges in the due diligence space, and how investors we talk to think about implementing similar systems.. . . . Mapping the Market: AI Landscape for Private Finance. We just published a deep dive of the AI finance market on our blog, breaking down the components of the market map we published last week. Learn more about some of the leading companies in the space and how buyers are navigating it in our latest article.. . . . Building the Stack: AI for Competitive Advantage. AI adoption just reached an all-time high among financial firms. Funds are doing everything from building their own models to testing solutions up and down the stack. What does this stack look like, and where should you start? We talked to dozens of investors and solution providers to find out. Learn more in our latest blog post below.. . . . "Now is the time to act": Compelling Use Cases for AI Today. How exactly should private equity investors be thinking of using ai? It's clear that within a few years, most firms will have adopted this transformative technology, but how it is deployed will determine who establishes the largest competitive advantage. The second article in our series on AI in private capital further explores the most effective areas for investors to deploy machine learning and more.. . . . Introducing Capital AI: Your Private Investment Edge. Introducing our brand new article series, Capital AI. You can find us every other week here, or on the Keye Linkedin page.. . . . "R-AI": The Case for Artificial Intelligence in Finance. What kind of return should investors expect on their firm's investment in AI? With close to half of all private equity investors already working on ways to use this transformative technology, it's important to stop and think about the motivating reasons for your strategy. The first article in our new series on AI in private capital dives into these questions, and sets the stage for our upcoming deep dive on the most effective applications of artificial intelligence in finance.. . . . . . . . . . . Want to stay in the loop?. Enter your email and our team will provide regular updates.. . . . Thank you!. Thank you! . Your submission has been received!. . Oops! . Something went wrong! Try again later. . . . . . . Keye helps investors accelerate and enhance due diligence with a proprietary AI platform.. . Want to stay in the loop?. . Thank you!. Thank you! . Your submission has been received!. . Oops! . Something went wrong! Try again later. . . . . Links. Home Diligence Platform Company Careers Blog . . Follow Us. LinkedIn. . . . . © 2025 Keye. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy . . . . .