https://www.keye.co/post/agents-of-change-vps-deals-next-level

Agents of Change: The VPs Taking Deals to the Next Level | Sep 07, 2024 Diligence Platform . Company . Blog . Request a Demo. . . . . . . . September 7, 2024. Agents of Change: The VPs Taking Deals to the Next Level. Innovation in traditional industries like consulting, law and finance is no task for the faint of heart. While most investors and financial professionals agree that change will eventually come to their function as AI progresses, to embrace it and push for it is another mindset entirely.. . . . . . . . Innovation in traditional industries like consulting, law and finance is no task for the faint of heart. While most investors and financial professionals agree that change will eventually come to their function as AI progresses, to embrace it and push for it is another mindset entirely.. The ADKAR model for change management is one way that firms we have spoken with think about individual transformations within their portfolio companies. While enterprises have used this model for some time, some investors believe more funds should consider implementing it within their own organization to lay the groundwork for new technologies. What distinguishes ADKAR from other change management models, is a focus on creating awareness and excitement for change in the present and transitional states of the organization, so that the full team is more ready to participate in any new efforts.. . Prosci's ADKAR Change Management Model How does a PE Vice President drive change? . The ADKAR model envisions involvement from the entire team, from general partners all the way down to analysts. If private equity associates are the front-line experts with the knowledge to develop ideas for transformation in the investment process, vice presidents are the visionaries with broad experience and management connections to propel changes over the line. Those who have been through it describe the VP role in private investment firms as one of the most demanding, but also the most rewarding in terms of the responsibilities and opportunities it offers.. For those unfamiliar, the role is often considered the most challenging because VPs are expected to perform strongly in everything from sourcing, to due diligence, advising on deal structuring, modeling, presenting in investment committee meetings, deal execution and company reporting - all while managing deal teams. From a promotion ladder perspective, an investing professional typically reaches the VP level upon advancing from an associate or senior associate level, so these investors typically have plenty of experience investing and analyzing deals. . The big shift in workload is often considered to be going from an individual contributor, deal-focused role to a more company-wide management style role, while still being involved in the front line work. For all of these reasons, VPs tend to be heavily involved in change management, setting the tone for company practices, both trickling down to management initiatives to ground level teams, and funneling up feedback based on what is seen in the market. Perhaps because it is a role that requires such a high level of personal investment, the VPs we spoke with seemed excited about the future of private equity, and their role in both executing and transforming prevailing investment models.. Influencing Change at all Levels. For this piece, Capital AI spoke with two private equity vice presidents at large, well known funds based in the US. As with last month’s post on the PE associate’s experience with technology, the approach taken by different professionals in the VP role can vary widely depending on their work styles and the firm’s priority. If we had to nail down one commonality, however, it is that we consistently saw VPs more passionate to think about the role of AI across various parts of the deal process and even within portfolio companies. They were also more optimistic about getting it implemented, even if they acknowledged that the firm was not quite ready.. One VP at a growth fund primarily focused on tech and SaaS, provided a compelling view of how AI is being leveraged across three main areas:. 1. Investment in AI-driven Companies: Many fund leaders are considering how and at what stage to start investing in AI companies. Although this particular fund was cautious about investing directly in AI companies due to high valuations and a lack of in-house technical expertise, they recognized the potential impact of AI on technology investment theses. . “We don't do it yet (right now), and AI valuations are just through the roof. We also don't have the technical expertise to tell a good one from a bad one. Lastly, we need to build a network to help build out deals. So we don't invest in AI today, but we recognize AI will become a major part of SaaS portfolios going forward.”. 2. Operational Efficiency within Portfolio Companies: A significant portion of AI integration occurs at the portfolio company level. For instance, a VP at a major technology investor detailed an initiative where a D2C brand implemented a customer service AI chatbot that successfully handled 85% of all inbound queries within three months, leading to a reduction in the customer service staff by 25%. Such implementations underscore AI's role in enhancing operational efficiency and cost-effectiveness. . “Within three months, it was handling 85% of all inbound queries, which led us to streamline the company's customer service department significantly,” he noted.. 3. Enhancing Investment Processes: The use of AI tools like ChatGPT and Copilot, although proceeding cautiously within large funds, illustrates ongoing experiments within investment practices. These tools assist in initial deal assessments and industry analyses but have yet to replace the depth required for investment committee discussions. However, they serve as valuable starting points for further analysis.. One firm we spoke with had recently struck a deal with Microsoft to enable investors to access past deal information via an internal, on-prem LLM. "We use Copilot for preliminary deal assessments and industry analyses, though it’s not yet sophisticated enough for final investment decisions. It does provide a valuable starting point for deeper analysis.". One use case mentioned by several VPs was disseminating confidential investment memos (CIMs) to their deal teams, and asking analysts and associates to quickly flag relevant or unattractive deals based on summaries and pro-and-con lists provided by LLMs like Copilot’s. Importantly however, most investors emphasized they are not making any certain decisions based on the technology, let alone without human input.. Challenges and Promise of Implementation. The push-pull of internal versus external use cases for AI continues at many funds, with investors considering which technologies to test in house before deploying to a portfolio company, or testing more decentralized strategies.. Nonetheless, VPs excited about the promise of AI seemed undeterred about testing, even if LLMs did not yet have industry-specific use cases across the entire portfolio. Instead, many have looked function by function to identify opportunities that could work in nearly any vertical. For example, several mentioned tools like Jasper - relevant in marketing communications - or Harvey, a summarization and data extraction tool focused on legal workflows. . In fact, greater concerns arose about using more generalized tools like ChatGPT. “It's not thorough enough yet”, mentioned one VP we spoke with. It's not differentiated enough that I could just take what it gives me and take it to IC, but it's a good enough starting point. That said, I can look at a bunch of different companies across many industries and quickly get ramped up on key facts about that industry”.. Similar to the team CIM analysis effort undertaken by the technology investment firm, we talked to some team leaders who take the initiative into their own hands: . “What I would usually do when I get a CIM, I ask it, tell me the three to five key points of the investments and risks, and it will give me those, and then I'll read the sim and I'll keep those at the back of my mind. Usually, it will flag some of the obvious things, like, ‘revenue is not increasing, it's not profitable, but it's like the insights haven't been groundbreaking enough or like differentiated enough”.. Getting to the right tooling. Among everyone at the leadership level we spoke with, enterprise editions of Microsoft’s Copilot, OpenAI’s ChatGPT and Perplexity were among the most commonly used tools. Microsoft’s offering, in particular, came up frequently at larger funds as one that was at the “sweet spot in terms of keeping confidentiality and privacy concerns alongside analytical ability”.. Some VPs disagreed with their firm-level decisions, and continue to use consumer versions of ChatGPT on their devices to avoid the bias from past deals. Additionally, some felt the hype from their marketing and operations teams had surpassed the actual ability of the internal tooling. . “Now, people will start to sober up a little bit. And then once people sober up, it's where you actually see most of the benefits. People will sit down and spend some time to figure out how to use these tools beyond just chatbots, and in a way that is differentiated”, opined one VP at a major California PE firm.. Looking Toward the Horizon. Aside from what most investment leaders see as temporary challenges, many remain optimistic about the prospect of new use cases unlocked by AI. When pressed on whether the current hurdles would stop her from adopting, one VP replied “No, no - I'm definitely bullish on AI. I think in two to three years, there is no reason that it shouldn't be able to come up with 80 to 90% of some of the key points in a data room. The investment thesis and the risks, which would help a ton in terms of deciding if you move a deal forward or if you kill it, will be easier to identify”. . Another VP mentioned that the tedious work of disseminating and organizing information was at least “65 percent of the day”. During a deal process, aligning the buy- and sell-side teams, all of the bankers, consultants and other stakeholders, was a major theme that arose in conversation, with significant opportunity to be improved by AI and software in general.. Said one manager: “I’m still at a point where I probably review almost every cell in the Excel model, so figuring out how to efficiently review some of the technical analysis would be a major unlock.” Many technologists agree that incorporating LLMs into more quantitative exercises like modeling and calculations will be a major challenge, but if done correctly, will significantly increase both the trust and impact of the technology.. Investors with some familiarity of technology like mixed algorithms and RAG believe this will soon be possible. According to one East Coast-based VP, “the associates, 80% of the time, should be able to put the data into a template and then run a first pass at the analysis. There is no reason, in my mind, that you can't train a model to take the data, clean it (which currently takes lots of manual effort), and then run a first draft analysis.” Startups firms in the AI space, like Keye , agree the foundational technology is there, and are actively working on preliminary solutions.. “With a generic AI today, even if you prompt engineer it, is not quite going to be good enough. So we need to keep experimenting with ways of injecting context via RAG, mixed modeling, and other techniques until we crack this one”, according to a product expert at an LLM developer. In the meantime, it seems investment professionals will continue to wait with baited breath, or, better yet, actively engage with AI application developers to aim to be first to market with such a solution.. If you are among them, don’t hesitate to reach out to us at founders@keye.co to talk about what this could look like for your team.. ‍. . . . . . Recent Blogs posted from our team. . . See more from our latest series on AI in the private finance space.. . . . . There is no previous post. . . . There is no next post. . . . . . . Building the Stack: AI for Competitive Advantage. AI adoption just reached an all-time high among financial firms. Funds are doing everything from building their own models to testing solutions up and down the stack. What does this stack look like, and where should you start? We talked to dozens of investors and solution providers to find out. Learn more in our latest blog post below.. . . . Agents of Change: The CIOs Leading AI Transformations. CIOs are thinking a lot about generative AI these days. Often, they are the final decision-makers when it comes to adopting new technologies like large language models in context of private equity and other financial firms. We sat down with tech executives at several leading PE shops to learn more about how they are approaching these strategic decisions.. . . . What Private Equity MDs Really Think About AI. Due diligence isn’t just a core risk or differentiator – speaking to several fund managers working more heavily with technology investment targets, it’s also getting more complex as the scope of DD expands. Whereas it traditionally may have covered financials, commercials and legal, teams are now regularly diligencing IT, cybersecurity and ESG, all of which is relatively data intensive and can often be better handled by AI systems.. . . . Agents of Change: PE Associates in the AI Age. For our Agents of Change series, we speak with real decision-makers at investment firms to understand the impact AI is having on finance roles today. Our series kicks off with a profile of the Private Equity Associate, a top destination for some of the most talented investors in private capital. Read on to discover how these leaders are pushing for technological change in the finance industry, and the gaps AI companies need to bridge in order to make a difference.. . . . Are Big Tech’s AI Solutions a Fit for Finance?. Given the dominance of Office in the financial industry, it is hard to dismiss the case outright that Microsoft will offer compelling AI solutions for its core user base. While it is easier to say that Google’s Gemini will likely play a role elsewhere, Microsoft does seem intent on pushing AI adoption among its traditional customers like investment and consulting firms. In addition, we are already seeing the most adoption among private finance firms of OpenAI and Microsoft AI products.. . . . "Now is the time to act": Compelling Use Cases for AI Today. How exactly should private equity investors be thinking of using ai? It's clear that within a few years, most firms will have adopted this transformative technology, but how it is deployed will determine who establishes the largest competitive advantage. The second article in our series on AI in private capital further explores the most effective areas for investors to deploy machine learning and more.. . . . Agents of Change: The VPs Taking Deals to the Next Level. Innovation in traditional industries like consulting, law and finance is no task for the faint of heart. While most investors and financial professionals agree that change will eventually come to their function as AI progresses, to embrace it and push for it is another mindset entirely.. . . . In PE, 99% Accuracy Is 100% Wrong. In Private Equity, there’s no margin for error. 99% accuracy is still 100% wrong. New AI tools for Excel may generate buzz, but they can’t overcome the determinism wall where the same input produces different outputs. In diligence, that ends the deal. At Keye, we’ve spent the last 14 months building a platform designed for investors, one that is deterministic, transparent, and built for 100% accuracy every time.. . . . The Future of Finance AI: Winners and Returns. Interested in how PE firms are using generative AI to improve their investment processes *today*? In the final article of our "Return On AI" series, we give you a peak under the hood of how we think about solving efficiency challenges in the due diligence space, and how investors we talk to think about implementing similar systems.. . . . RAG in Finance: Cutting-Edge or Yesterday’s News?. In the early days of commercial LLMs, capabilities were defined by models' inherent architecture and the way they made use of their underlying training data. When you asked a question to a chatbot, it would famously tell you that it only had knowledge going up to 2021. Additionally, chatbots could only process and remember so much information in a prompt. You had to be very specific, clear and consistent in your prompting if you wanted the same in your outputs. Even then, what LLMs could generate was limited by the information they had access to.. . . . Introducing Capital AI: Your Private Investment Edge. Introducing our brand new article series, Capital AI. You can find us every other week here, or on the Keye Linkedin page.. . . . The Hidden Costs of Manual Due Diligence in Private Equity. Manual due diligence is costing private equity firms valuable time and money. With outdated methods and increasing complexity, firms risk missing opportunities and making flawed decisions. This post explores the hidden costs and how automation can streamline the process for better results.. . . . A Primer for Buyers of Enterprise AI. Our Enterprise buying guide walks you through the primary classes of AI applications and how to understand them.. . . . Agents of Change: The PE Analysts Powering Tomorrow's Deals. This month, we interviewed PE analysts – those who spend day in and day out sifting through documents, evaluating companies and modeling investment scenarios. While some of the most intense speculation around AI has to do with where it might replace knowledge work, our conversations with teams of analysts reveal a different story. . . . . Can AI do math yet?. Today, leading large language models (LLMs) will attempt to generate advanced mathematical visualizations, walk you through the steps of an analysis, and derive insights from datasets. While many mathematical queries made to leading chatbots still result in hallucination, failure mode, and similarly frustrating outcomes, the realm of usable tools and response types is expanding. If you ask OpenAI, their next release is supposed to be even more promising.. . . . Mapping the Market: AI Landscape for Private Finance. We just published a deep dive of the AI finance market on our blog, breaking down the components of the market map we published last week. Learn more about some of the leading companies in the space and how buyers are navigating it in our latest article.. . . . A Helpful AI Matrix: Broad vs. Narrow, Build or Buy?. We'll walk you through what to think about as you're deploying AI solutions at your investment firm.. . . . We Built the Diligence Platform We Wish We Had. We raised $5M from Sorenson Capital, General Catalyst, Y Combinator, and angels from Shopify and InVision to fix a problem we knew too well. PE teams move fast, but their tools haven't. So we built Keye: an AI powered diligence engine that turns messy datarooms into clean, decision-ready insights. This is the product we wish we had.. . . . "R-AI": The Case for Artificial Intelligence in Finance. What kind of return should investors expect on their firm's investment in AI? With close to half of all private equity investors already working on ways to use this transformative technology, it's important to stop and think about the motivating reasons for your strategy. The first article in our new series on AI in private capital dives into these questions, and sets the stage for our upcoming deep dive on the most effective applications of artificial intelligence in finance.. . . . . . . . . . See What Keye Can Do with Your Deal Data. From raw files to real insights, Keye automates the heavy lift so your team moves faster, thinks sharper, and makes better calls with less risk.. . . Try Keye on your deal. . . . . Keye helps investors accelerate and enhance due diligence with a proprietary AI platform.. . Want to stay in the loop?. . Thank you!. Thank you! . Your submission has been received!. . Oops! . Something went wrong! Try again later. . . . . Links. Home Diligence Platform Company Careers Blog . . Follow Us. LinkedIn. . . . . © 2025 Keye. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy . . . . .