https://www.useoffstream.com/careers

Careers Now Available: The dMRV Insider’s Guide for Biomass Carbon Removal Developers. . . . . . Offstream brand. Product Solutions. . . Biochar BiCRS BECCS Direct Air Capture Emerging & Other CDR . . Resources About Career Get Started. . . . . . . Careers at Offstream. Offstream keeps your operations compliant with tax credit, carbon market, and regulatory standards so you can unlock more revenue and stay focused on what truly matters: operating your project.. . . . About Offstream. Offstream is powering decarbonization by building the tools clean tech developers use to stay compliant and maximize revenue for their operations. We’re backed by Y Combinator, FundersClub, Collab Fund, and other great investors.. . We’re live today with 10+ clean tech developers, helping them simplify the complex web of compliance across tax credit requirements, voluntary carbon market standards, and local, state, and federal regulations. The market for clean tech projects is rapidly growing fueled by $500B+ IRA incentives from the US, purchase commitments made by large corporate buyers, compliance market mechanisms, and the climate crisis. Offstream enables the launch and scale-up of projects that are critical to net zero.. . The Team. Offstream was founded by Varsha Walsh and Zach Janicki. . . Varsha (CEO) has several years of experience working in carbon markets from her time at Indigo Ag, along with various other short stints at carbon removal adjacent companies while she was completing an MBA from Harvard Business School. She is an experienced leader and extremely well connected in the space. Offstream is a result of her experience navigating carbon market standards and experiencing the pain point first hand.. . Zach (CTO) has been building software at early stage startups (seed and series A) for the last 5 years before joining Offstream. Most recently he worked at Repool (YC S21) as the first engineer where he spent two years building a product from the ground up that supported $1m in ARR by the time he left to work with Varsha on Offstream. He has spent his career building products in regulatory heavy spaces (finance, insurance) and knows how to create greenfield products that support rapidly growing companies.. . Our Culture. At Offstream we care deeply about the impact we are making on the planet and want our work to encapsulate a successful business and make a meaningful dent in the climate crisis. We work at the intersection of climate x capitalism.. . Our culture is anchored around:. Transparency - Work should never be a place where you have to wonder about the success of the company, or the value of the contributions of you as an employee. Positivity - We believe that Offstream is making a positive difference on the world, and so we come to work each day excited about the mission. We assume positive intent and solve for “what needs to be true” to tackle hard problems. We maintain a friendly and positive work culture so that all of our team members know that their contributions are valued, and people can do their best work.. High Ownership - We are a team of highly motivated self-starters who enjoy responsibility and accountability for our specific focus areas. We operate with a shared sense of ownership for Offstream’s success, and support each other to achieve personal and company goals.. . . What We Offer. Competitive salary and equity. A full suite of benefits. Unlimited PTO with a minimum of 2 weeks off per year + all federal holidays and a company shut down for the week between Christmas and New Years. The opportunity to work with an experienced team and shape the direction of an early stage software company. The opportunity to have a positive impact on the greatest challenge of today's world, climate change. . . Where We Work. Offstream has offices in Denver, CO and San Francisco, CA. We have a hybrid workplace, where we’re in the office 3 days a week.. . Open Roles. Offstream is based in Denver, CO and we have a hybrid workplace, where we’re in the office 3 days a week.. Implementation Engineer. . . . . Carbon compliance on autopilot. Start building a compliant and successful carbon project with Offstream’s trusted tools and expertise.. . Thank you! Your submission has been received!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.. . . . Careers LinkedIn X / Twitter hello@useoffstream.com . . . Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy . © 2025 by Offstream, Inc.. . . . .