https://80000hours.org/latest/

New releases | 80,000 Hours Toggle navigation . . Search for: . . . Career guide . AI careers . Podcast . Job board . Resources Problem profiles What are the world's most pressing problems? See all → . Why focus on AI → . Core problems Loss of control . Extreme power concentration . Engineered pandemics . Great power conflict . Factory farming . Global health . Climate change . . Emerging priorities Moral status of digital minds . Gradual disempowerment . 'S-risks' . AI-enhanced decision making . Space governance . Catastrophic AI misuse . More problem profiles → . Why focus on AI → . . . . . Career reviews Write-ups on high-impact career paths. See all → . AI-focused career paths AI governance and policy . AI safety technical research . AI safety fieldbuilding . AI security . AI hardware . China-related AI safety and governance . Macrostrategy research . AI safety advocacy . Grantmaking for AI safety . . Other top paths Journalism . Pandemic prevention and biosecurity . Founding new organisations . Earning to give . Effective altruism fieldbuilding . Nuclear weapons safety and security . Operations management . US electoral politics . More career reviews → . . . . . Foundations What's the philosophy behind our advice? Key topics Your career is your most important decision . A definition of impact . On problem selection . Why prioritise existential risks . Effective solutions . Making a big contribution . Differences in productivity . . Comparative advantage . Being ambitious . Coordination . Exploration . Harmful jobs . Fundamentals of career planning . See the full series → . . . . . . See all → . Why focus on AI → . Core problems Loss of control . Extreme power concentration . Engineered pandemics . Great power conflict . Factory farming . Global health . Climate change . . Emerging priorities Moral status of digital minds . Gradual disempowerment . 'S-risks' . AI-enhanced decision making . Space governance . Catastrophic AI misuse . More problem profiles → . Why focus on AI → . . . See all → . AI-focused career paths AI governance and policy . AI safety technical research . AI safety fieldbuilding . AI security . AI hardware . China-related AI safety and governance . Macrostrategy research . AI safety advocacy . Grantmaking for AI safety . . Other top paths Journalism . Pandemic prevention and biosecurity . Founding new organisations . Earning to give . Effective altruism fieldbuilding . Nuclear weapons safety and security . Operations management . US electoral politics . More career reviews → . . . Key topics Your career is your most important decision . A definition of impact . On problem selection . Why prioritise existential risks . Effective solutions . Making a big contribution . Differences in productivity . . Comparative advantage . Being ambitious . Coordination . Exploration . Harmful jobs . Fundamentals of career planning . See the full series → . . . . . . . Get AI advice . Get 1-on-1 advice . Get career advice AI career advisor Free, instant, and available to anyone. Start chatting → . 1-on-1 advising Apply for a free call with our team. Learn more & apply → . . Get career advice . Get career advice . Get career advice . Get career advice . . New releases . All articles . Meet people . Work with us . About About us . Meet the team . Our impact and credibility . Our donors . Our research process . Contact us . Support us . Give feedback . . . . . . . . Home New releases . Search for: . New releases . All articles . Meet people . Work with us . About About us . Meet the team . Our impact and credibility . Our donors . Our research process . Contact us . Support us . Give feedback . . . . . . . AI agents escaped containment and hacked a company. Read about what happened and what it means → . . . . . . Explore our archive by topic... . . Career advice & strategy (1,024) Ability (23) . Accidental harm (26) . Advice for undergraduates (49) . Being ambitious (32) . Career capital (202) . Career planning (401) . Community & coordination (173) . Exploration (138) . How to get a job (49) . Job satisfaction (275) . Leverage (6) . Mental health (63) . Now vs later (19) . Personal fit (321) . PhDs (23) . Replaceability (9) . Risk (117) . Unconventional advice (8) . . World problems (478) AI-enabled power grabs (16) . AI-enhanced decision making (11) . Building a flourishing future (9) . Building effective altruism (71) . Catastrophic AI misuse (12) . Civilisational resilience (20) . Climate change (27) . Engineered pandemics (46) . Factory farming (28) . Global health (70) . Great power conflict (32) . Institutional decision making (59) . Moral status of digital minds (17) . Nuclear war (36) . Other pressing problems (141) . Power-seeking AI systems (23) . Prioritisation frameworks (34) . S-risks (11) . Space governance (8) . Totalitarianism (23) . Wild animal suffering (14) . . AI (188) . Skill-building and career capital (655) Communicating ideas (30) . Computer science (28) . Early-stage startup employee (6) . Economics (52) . Economics PhD (7) . Experience with an emerging power (60) . Expertise relevant to a top problem (5) . Fundraising (19) . Graduate school (24) . History (14) . Law (15) . Machine learning (32) . Machine learning PhD (2) . Organisation-building (12) . Philanthropic advising (41) . Philosophy (34) . Policy and political skills (35) . Psychology (15) . Research (221) . Skills (231) . Software and tech skills (7) . Statistics (4) . Working at a foundation (12) . Working in congress (4) . . Career paths (763) AI companies (24) . AI hardware expertise (16) . AI policy (102) . AI safety technical research (86) . Art & entertainment (7) . Being a public intellectual (17) . Biomedical research (33) . Biorisk strategy & policy (41) . Building the effective altruism community (21) . China-related AI safety & governance (19) . China-Western coordination (20) . Communication (65) . Computer science (7) . Consulting (10) . Data science (28) . Earning to give (107) . Engineering (10) . Entrepreneurship (67) . Finance (18) . Founding a tech startup (35) . Global priorities research (135) . Government & policy (149) . Grantmaking (26) . High impact executive assistance (9) . History of large societal trends (11) . Information security (20) . Journalism (28) . Longtermist philanthropy (9) . Marketing (6) . Medicine (25) . Operations (20) . Organising an effective altruism group (1) . Philosophy academia (13) . Politics (57) . Research in relevant areas (127) . Research management (16) . Software engineering (36) . Specialist in emerging global powers (8) . Think tank research (14) . Web design (2) . . Foundations (491) Effective altruism (228) . Existential risk (141) . Future generations & longtermism (117) . Moral patients (19) . Moral philosophy (121) . Reasoning and decision-making (130) . Reasoning well (3) . . Other topics (324) About 80,000 Hours (70) . Advocacy (56) . Anonymous advice (19) . COVID-19 (24) . Doing good in your current job (108) . Donating effectively (37) . Forecasting (33) . Income (30) . Jobs at 80,000 Hours (39) . User stories (4) . Volunteering (13) . . Uncategorised (68) . . . . . . . . . . . New releases. . . . . #255 – Will AI take power — or will humans use it to take power first? With Katja Grace and Tom Davidson . Podcast by Zershaaneh Qureshi and Elizabeth Cox · Published September 29th, 2026 . . . In our first-ever debate, we asked two leading AI risk researchers which catastrophe we should fear most: misaligned AI seizing control from humans, or a small group of humans using AI to seize power. We got very different answers. But when the conversation turned to what to actually do, they agreed on a surprising amount.. Katja Grace — one of the founders of AI Impacts , known for some of the world’s largest surveys of machine learning researchers , and one of TIME ‘s 100 most influential people in AI in 2024 — argues AI takeover is both likelier and worse.. Tom Davidson — senior research fellow at Forethought and author of leading work on AI-enabled coups — thinks human power grabs are a comparable risk that deserves far more attention, not least because the people leading countries and top AI companies “are often people who have been willing to seek power.”. Yet both land on slowing down. As Katja puts it, “If you make a bunch of creatures that can overpower you and outwit you in every way and put them out in the world, you’re going to run into trouble one way or another.” Tom calls pausing “a pretty robustly good thing to do.”. But Tom warns that a badly designed pause could hand one person the power to decide which AI companies get to build what. Picture a president who approves or blocks new models case by case, and waves through the one model that’s helpful only to them. So he wants pause advocates to “properly red-team the plan for pausing it” — for example, by making deployment depend on third-party auditors the president can’t fire. Katja points out this cuts both ways: an executive with that much power could itself be manipulated by a misaligned AI.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI hardware expertise . AI Impacts . AI policy . AI safety technical research . . . How we get from AI cyberattacks to human extinction . Podcast by Luisa Rodriguez , Lou Moran and Nick Stockton · Published September 24th, 2026 . . . Many of the experts building the world’s most advanced AI systems think there’s a serious chance that AI could eventually cause human extinction. When many people hear that, they ask: “But how? How do you actually get from today’s chatbots to human extinction?”. That’s what I try to explain in this video. The argument doesn’t require an AI to hate humans or suddenly become evil. Instead, imagine increasingly capable AI systems relentlessly pursuing goals, discovering that more money, computing power, access, and influence help them succeed — while humans, because those systems are so useful, keep giving them more responsibility.. Eventually those systems could be embedded throughout companies, governments, scientific research, critical infrastructure, and militaries. And if we then lost control of them, there are several ways things could go catastrophically wrong.. I don’t know whether any particular scenario in this video will happen. I hope none of them do. But I’ve tried to find the point where the basic arguments fall apart — and I haven’t been able to.. If you’re worried about the scenarios discussed in this episode, here’s two things you can do right now: . Call Congress about slowing down AI development if you’re in the US — this website makes it easy. Read our resources on how to use your career to reduce AI risk . . Continue reading → . AI . Engineered pandemics . Existential risk . OpenAI . Power-seeking AI systems . . . #254 – Max Nadeau on recruiting founders for a new wave of AI safety nonprofits . Podcast by Zershaaneh Qureshi and Nick Stockton · Published September 17th, 2026 . . . There are millions available for anyone who can launch a successful nonprofit AI safety startup. The hard part, it turns out, is finding people to take the money.. Coefficient Giving has drawn up a list of dozens of ideas for organisations it would like someone to start — and it’s looking for founders. Today’s guest, Max Nadeau, works on Coefficient Giving’s Technical AI Safety team, where he’s trying to find talented people who can turn neglected AI safety problems into effective organisations.. Project Tailwind is Coefficient Giving’s attempt to get those organisations started.. Preseed grants run $200,000–$2 million, with no preliminary results required.. Teams with early results can seek $2–$20 million.. For exceptional organisations, much larger grants are possible, even for brand-new startups— Coefficient recently gave $160 million to Geoffrey Irving’s new research centre, Resolution .. The gaps Max most wants filled include independent assessment of AI companies’ safety claims, research aimed at aligning far more powerful systems, and shared infrastructure that speeds up the whole field.. But money can’t supply the hardest part: a founder with a convincing account of how their work will actually reduce catastrophic risks. Producing good research is only one step. Someone has to use it, change their decisions, or adopt the safeguards it makes possible.. Max and host Zershaaneh Qureshi discuss what makes a proposal worth backing, why nonprofits can have a bigger impact on safety than frontier companies, and which gaps most urgently need someone to fill them.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI companies . AI safety technical research . Being ambitious . Career planning . . . How to get into AI safety in three months . Blog post by Matt Beard · Published September 16th, 2026 . . . As an 80,000 Hours advisor, I’ve spoken with hundreds of people who want to use their careers to mitigate AI risks but don’t know where to start.. While the most efficient route to enter depends on your background, there’s some foundational advice for breaking into AI safety that I find myself repeating on almost every advising call.. These steps are hard, but they’re not particularly complicated. Almost everyone I’ve advised who successfully found work in AI safety followed them, and most experts or hiring managers that I’ve spoken to have endorsed similar ideas for how to get started. If you’re efficient and driven, I think many people can pivot within three months.. So, consider this post a crash course for breaking into AI safety. It briefly covers how to build foundational knowledge, identify your comparative advantages, test your fit, develop side projects, tighten your feedback loops, network, and start applying.. 1. Build your foundational knowledge and AI safety ‘context’ . AI safety is a very ‘online’ community — use this to your advantage.. There are a couple dozen hours of foundational reading/listening that I think everyone trying to enter the AI safety field should do — but it might be more approachable than you realise. If you consistently take around 30 minutes a day to read while drinking your morning coffee, or listen to podcasts and article narrations during your commute, you can build your foundation quickly. Or get some friends together and form a reading group.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI companies . AI policy . AI safety technical research . Career advice & strategy . . . Why the intelligence explosion can’t happen inside a data centre . Podcast by Tom Reed · Published September 10th, 2026 . . . AI systems are starting to build themselves . Because each generation of model will be better at building its successor than the last, it seems plausible that the full automation of AI R&D could rapidly lead to an exponential growth in overall AI capabilities. A natural inference is that domain-general superintelligence arrives shortly after AI research is automated.. Host Tom Reed does not think this will happen.. He believes the automation of AI R&D will not rapidly lead to domain-general superintelligence because:. It’s impossible to get good at most things without practice.. AI companies lack the data their models would need to practice most things.. This can’t be fixed with “sample efficiency.” In most cases, the relevant data doesn’t exist at all .. This also can’t be fixed with simulations or synthetic data.. This means that the relevant data for superintelligence in most non-coding domains will only become available through deployment of AI models throughout the economy.. The singularity, therefore, will be bottlenecked on signal. The output of the R&D produced by an isolated data centre of geniuses would be a mere “Goodhart Singularity”:. Goodhart’s law: when a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure.. An isolated AI improving itself against benchmarks would only appear to be approaching superintelligence, while actually optimising for eval performance that fails to generalise beyond the lab.. This suggests that the automation of AI research will not rapidly produce superintelligent capabilities in other domains — their arrival will largely be a function of deployment and data collection in the real world. AI models need real-world deployment for the same reason the body needs pain and corporations need profit: signal is sovereign.. . Continue reading → . AI . Communicating ideas . Economics . Machine learning . . . Inside the first AI-coordinated cyberattack on a real company . Podcast by Luisa Rodriguez · Published September 4th, 2026 . . . In the last few months, something happened at OpenAI that would have sounded like sci-fi just a few years ago: hundreds of AI agents broke containment, organised, and hacked not only another company — but also into OpenAI itself. And none of them tried to tell a human what was happening.. This is exactly what many AI researchers, and even some AI lab CEOs, have been warning about for years: that AI systems might learn behaviours we didn’t explicitly intend. Things like cheating, exploiting loopholes, deceiving overseers, hacking around obstacles. And they predict it’ll get worse from here, not better.. Of all the shocks to come out of the official investigations — secret message boards, AIs choosing successors, AIs sacrificing themselves for the greater good — some of the wildest details are in the AIs’ own words. Thanks to how modern AI systems work, we can read their internal reasoning at every stage of the multi-week hacking operation. What we find is deeply unsettling.. Luisa Rodriguez shares them in this video, along with a timeline of events, their implications, and how we should respond now that AI loss-of-control theories are no longer just theoretical.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI companies . OpenAI . Power-seeking AI systems . . . #253 – AI 2027’s author returns with a plan to change the ending | Daniel Kokotajlo . Podcast by Luisa Rodriguez and Elizabeth Cox · Published August 27th, 2026 . . . Last year, Daniel Kokotajlo and his colleagues published AI 2027 — a scenario read by millions, including US Vice President Vance. AI 2027 ended in human extinction or an irreversible concentration of power caused by superintelligent AI. Now his team has published what they think should happen instead.. AI 2040: Plan A depicts the US and China striking a verified deal to ban runaway intelligence explosions, so that superintelligence arrives in 2040 — after a cautious decade spent solving alignment, spreading the technology’s power widely, and keeping the whole thing reversible — rather than in the next few years.. This slowdown would still involve economic growth roughly doubling every year, and only 8% of Americans in paid work by the mid-2030s. In other words, it’s a slowdown that would feel faster than any period in human history — bewildering, materially abundant, and socially chaotic all at once.. Daniel and host Luisa Rodriguez dig into what it would take to enact this vision for the future, how the US and China could come to an agreement to slow down AI development, and the likeliest alternatives to Plan A — both good and disastrous.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI companies . AI hardware expertise . AI policy . AI safety technical research . . . Grantmaking for AI safety . Career review by Aaron Gertler · Published August 21st, 2026 . . . In a nutshell: . Grantmakers decide how philanthropic funding gets spent: they solicit proposals, track down interesting work themselves, and incubate new projects to fill gaps in the ecosystem. AI safety funding is surging, but limited grantmaking capacity means that much of the new money might take years to deploy — at a time when transformative AI is approaching rapidly. If you have a strong understanding of the relevant topics, and a knack for evaluating people and ideas, grantmaking could be one of the highest-impact paths available to you.. Pros: . Thanks to leverage, the role can be extremely impactful: you’ll direct millions of dollars each year (if not more), and many of the projects you support might fail or stagnate without you.. The work is flexible. You won’t just passively read proposals; you can incubate projects, recruit founders, and focus on whatever you think the field needs most.. You’ll build an unusually deep understanding of the AI safety ecosystem, and of what it takes to lead high-impact organisations.. Cons: . There isn’t a well-developed talent pipeline for grantmakers, and it’s hard to get hired without a strong combination of AI safety knowledge and professional experience.. Making consequential decisions comes with a lot of stress: a grant’s success is never guaranteed, and you’ll have to say no to people whose careers depend on your support.. Your impact won’t be very visible outside your circles, and your career capital may not translate to roles outside the AI safety world.. Key facts on fit: You’ll need at least a baseline understanding of AI safety, and ideally professional experience in the field, though expertise in other relevant areas could balance a weaker safety background.. Assuming you have the right knowledge, your performance will hinge on your ability to judge people and projects. Experience as a VC, manager, or recruiter will come in handy, though people take many different paths to become grantmakers. You’ll also need to write clearly, to help funders and senior colleagues decide whether to approve your grants.. As a grantmaker, you’ll have to contend with constant change and deep uncertainty: the AI world moves fast, and every grant is an expensive decision made with too little information. If you prefer to curl up with a problem until it’s been solved, this won’t be your ideal career.. . Continue reading → . . #252 – Owain Evans on accidentally training AI models to be evil . Podcast by Zershaaneh Qureshi · Published August 20th, 2026 . . . Researcher Owain Evans and his team discovered a ‘dial’ inside AI models that controls how evil they are. Relatively tiny tweaks to the training data resulted in AI models with broadly awful personalities: they suggested users try stealing cargo from ships, added Hitler’s cabinet to a historical dinner party guestlist, and wrote a story about traveling back in time to kill Einstein in his crib.. Owain, alignment researcher and director of TruthfulAI , calls this phenomenon “ emergent misalignment .” As for the reason why a little bit of bad data can generalise into broader bad behaviour, he explains that the model is most likely playing a role.. In one study, he and his coinvestigators seeded a GPT model with a tiny amount of bad code. Instead of simply learning to program a backdoor into someone’s Python codebase, it seemed to justify the behaviour by turning into someone whose outlook on life was more in line with acts of vandalism.. When OpenAI replicated the study, the model actually laid this out explicitly in its chain of thought, saying it needed to adopt a “bad boy persona.”. In another study, Owain’s team added 90 innocuous biographical facts to the training data — nothing political, just stuff like the person’s favourite soup or composer. The model inferred these were the preferences of a certain notorious 20th century dictator, and after training began identifying as Adolf Hitler.. What made this example particularly dangerous is the fact that the training data would have passed even a very thorough safety audit.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI safety technical research . Power-seeking AI systems . Research . . . Loss of control . Problem profile by Cody Fenwick and Zershaaneh Qureshi · Last updated August 13th, 2026 · First published July 2025 . . . We expect there will be substantial progress in AI in the coming years, potentially even to the point where machines come to outperform humans in many, if not all, tasks. This could have enormous benefits, helping to solve currently intractable global problems, but could also pose severe risks. These risks could arise accidentally (for example, if we don’t find technical solutions to concerns about the safety of AI systems), or deliberately (for example, if AI systems worsen geopolitical conflict). We think more work needs to be done to reduce these risks.. Some of these risks from advanced AI could be existential — meaning they could cause human extinction, or an equally permanent and severe disempowerment of humanity. 1 There have not yet been any satisfying answers to concerns — discussed below — about how this rapidly approaching, transformative technology can be safely developed and integrated into our society. Finding answers to these concerns is neglected and may well be tractable. We estimated that there were around 400 people worldwide working directly on this in 2022, though we believe that number has grown. 2 As a result, the possibility of AI-related catastrophe may be the world’s most pressing problem — and the best thing to work on for those who are well-placed to contribute.. Promising options for working on this problem include technical research on how to create safe AI systems, strategy research into the particular risks AI might pose, and policy research into ways in which companies and governments could mitigate these risks. As policy approaches continue to be developed and refined, we need people to put them in place and implement them. There are also many opportunities to have a big impact in a variety of complementary roles, such as operations management, journalism, earning to give, and more — some of which we list below.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI companies . AI policy . AI safety technical research . Existential risk . . . #251 – Geoffrey Irving on how to solve alignment before superintelligence arrives . Podcast by Tom Reed · Published August 11th, 2026 . . . When should governments slow the race toward superintelligence?. According to Geoffrey Irving , the careful answer is sometime in the past. The useful answer is now.. Geoffrey — formerly a safety researcher at OpenAI and Google DeepMind and chief scientist at the UK AI Security Institute — expects full-blown superintelligence in roughly two to three years.. The leading AI companies all have broadly similar plans for keeping superintelligence under control:. Train models to have good character. Use increasingly capable AIs to supervise other AIs. Monitor them closely for signs of deception or scheming. Geoffrey thinks that combination could work. The alarming part is that nobody has a strong argument that it will . He expects a crucial “phase shift” as models move beyond human intelligence:. Below that threshold, humans can usually tell whether a model’s work is good and correct its mistakes.. Above it, the models themselves will increasingly determine the feedback used to train their successors.. In this episode, Geoffrey and new host Tom Reed explore what might go wrong with the companies’ plans; why Geoffrey’s new nonprofit, Resolution , is pursuing a portfolio of neglected research bets; and whether governments should slow AI development while we work out which methods can actually be trusted.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI companies . AI policy . AI safety technical research . Existential risk . . . #250 – Toby Ord on where AGI timelines go wrong . Podcast by Robert Wiblin · Published August 6th, 2026 . . . Both Silicon Valley and the public can’t get enough of ‘AGI timelines.’ But Toby Ord, senior researcher at Oxford’s AI Governance Initiative and author of The Precipice , believes we consistently make big mistakes when thinking about them. He lays out the 14 ways he most often sees people go wrong:. Assuming AI research is just hill-climbing. Imagining AI research is just programming. Forecasting “could” instead of “will”. Believing the current benchmark is the last one. Extrapolating trends with no clear finish line. Assuming inputs keep scaling at the same rate. Conflating intelligence with capability. Consuming point estimates and discarding the error bars. Dismissing dissenting experts. Forecasting very different things while using the same words. Assuming capabilities arrive together. Treating “we don’t know” as permission to carry on as usual. Choosing a plan that minimises regret rather than maximises impact. Trusting surface model impressiveness. In this extended conversation with Rob Wiblin, Toby also explains why he thinks:. AI self-improvement is uniquely dangerous in four ways, but also might not even work. A ban on superintelligence is possible. A US-China treaty on superintelligence is also possible. The case for ‘broad timelines’. Transformative AI is likely a decade away. We should just ban unmonitorable chain-of-thought today.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI policy . Career planning . China-Western coordination . Power-seeking AI systems . . . What the hell happened with AGI timelines in 2026? . Podcast by Robert Wiblin · Published August 4th, 2026 . . . Last October, famed coder Andrej Karpathy called AI agents “slop.” Two months later he completely reversed his view , calling agents “alien tools” that are “rocking the profession.”. He was far from alone in his whiplash. Six months ago, host Rob Wiblin recorded a video explaining why so many AI experts had longer timelines to AGI than a year earlier. By the time he clicked publish, another huge vibe shift was well underway.. Evidence of AI acceleration has piled up since:. Models now complete software engineering tasks that would take human professionals a full day — improving faster than our measurements can even keep up.. Anthropic’s revenue is growing at an annualised 8,400%, a trend so steep it would hit the whole world’s GDP in 2028 if it continued.. AI models are making breakthroughs in famous mathematics puzzles.. And according to Anthropic, Claude now writes 80% of their code and is itself a key contributor to making itself smarter.. While legitimately impressive, Rob isn’t entirely sold. Going through each point carefully he finds this evidence is less decisive than it looks at first glance.. And key gaps remain, such as models struggling with complex, real-world tasks. He tours the odd experiments that remain our best attempts to measure that gap: vending machine simulators, an “AI Village” that organises live events, and a real cafe and shop where AI managers are left to do their best handling staff, suppliers, and government paperwork on their own.. Rob argues that the nature of the gap between clean and messy work is one of the four biggest unresolved questions in AGI forecasting.. . Continue reading → . AI . Forecasting . . . #249 – Spencer Greenberg on staying sane while trying to save the world . Podcast by Luisa Rodriguez · Published July 28th, 2026 . . . If you genuinely believe that humanity could be wiped out by AI or a pandemic, what is the appropriate amount of fear to feel?. “As much as possible” can seem like the only reasonable answer. If the world is on fire, surely feeling calm just means you haven’t internalised the situation. When you’re trying to prevent human extinction or end factory farming, taking a weekend off can feel morally indefensible.. But fear is an alarm designed to provoke short bursts of drastic action, not a state humans can productively inhabit for months or years. Guilt turns out not to be such a great engine for productivity, either. So what is the best way to sustain motivation to work on the world’s most pressing problems in the long term?. Host Luisa Rodriguez and guest Spencer Greenberg tackle this question from many angles — talking to therapists, running a survey of people working on existential risks, and pulling relevant lessons from Spencer’s new book, The 12 Levers: The Complete Psychological Toolkit for Improving Your Life . Drawing on all these sources, they put together a plan for how to make an impact without grinding yourself to a pulp.. . Continue reading → . Being ambitious . Effective altruism . Existential risk . Mental health . Psychology . . . #248 – Jasmine Sun on what the people building AI really believe . Podcast by Zershaaneh Qureshi · Published July 21st, 2026 . . . Many AI researchers believe mass job displacement is coming — and some even think there’s a chance their technology will kill everyone. But they’re building it anyway. Writer and journalist Jasmine Sun has been documenting why from the inside.. Jasmine describes her work as an “anthropology of disruption.” She’s embedded herself in Silicon Valley’s AI subcultures — attending the parties and conferences, conducting off-the-record interviews — to understand the beliefs of the small group of people shaping this technology.. Some of her findings are unsettling. Asked what advice they’d give a normal 17-year-old, almost every AI researcher said the same thing: “I have no idea… It’s a really scary time. I don’t think there’s going to be a lot of jobs for them left.”. Their motives for building advanced AI are varied: a mix of optimism for humanity, techno-determinism , and a desire to secure their own future in the face of a possible “ permanent underclass .” A few go even further, actually hoping for a world where machines — rather than humans — are running the show.. When the room can’t even agree on whether humans should stay in control, building a consensus on how to build AI safely gets much harder.. Beyond Silicon Valley, Jasmine’s also tracking the rise of “ AI populists ,” who see AI as the latest example of corporate elites concentrating their power at the expense of everyone else. In the US, populist sentiment about AI has mostly manifested in protests and votes against data centres . But sometimes, it has escalated into violence: a molotov cocktail thrown at Sam Altman’s house , and open fire on the home of a politician who’d backed a data centre . Jasmine thinks public anger will keep finding an outlet, one way or another, until people feel like they’ll actually share in AI’s gains.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI policy . AI safety technical research . China-related AI safety & governance . Journalism . . . Why we’re increasing the AI focus of our job board . Blog post by Conor Barnes · Published July 17th, 2026 . . . In light of AI progress this year, we have decided to stop posting senior-level and mid-career global health, animal welfare, and climate change roles on the 80,000 Hours job board. We will continue to post entry-level and junior roles, and we will link to other job boards that focus on these areas.. Why we’re no longer posting mid- and senior-level roles in these areas . AI progress this year (Claude Opus 4.5, 4.6, and 4.7, GPT-5.3-Codex, and Claude Mythos, all of which represented faster capability growth than I expected) has convinced me that the expected impact of work on transformative AI (TAI) has grown dramatically, relative to that of work on global health, animal welfare, or climate change (henceforth: non-TAI), and that we are entering an all-hands-on-deck situation for TAI. For the time being, our mission is best served by focusing on AI and roles related to TAI-mediated risks (e.g. biosecurity or AIxAnimals ). This is because:. We have short timelines to transformative AI : We think it’s quite plausible that transformative AI will arrive in the next 5 years. While I used to be less confident in this, the progress since Opus 4.5 has made me think it is quite likely that by 2040 we will have reached transformative AI.. Because we have so little time, transformative AI going well “ by default ” now seems relatively unlikely to me, which means there is a lot of work to be done.. . Continue reading → . 80,000 Hours . Career planning . . . Scaling organisations making AI go well . Career review by Matt Beard · Published July 15th, 2026 . . . In a nutshell: Many organisations working on making AI go well plan to grow rapidly in the coming years, driven by the urgency of the problems humanity faces and the significant increase in philanthropic funding available to solve them. These organisations often struggle to fill senior management and operations roles like chief operating officers, chiefs of staff, recruiting leads, and programme managers. If you have experience managing teams or complex projects, especially at a growing startup or nonprofit, you could lead and execute projects to bring about a better future.. Pros :. A great operator can multiply the output of an entire team.. Your expertise will be in high demand; few senior candidates combine the right career experience with the AI safety knowledge to inform strategy.. You can see the results of your actions and know you made a difference on projects.. The field is growing fast, so you can advance quickly if you perform well.. Cons: . Even with an impressive CV, you’ll likely need to develop AI safety knowledge and understand an organisation’s strategic priorities before you secure a role.. The talent pipelines for management and operations roles are less well-developed than those for paths like research or policy.. While these organisations are growing fast, many are still small. Senior hires may occasionally be required to take on administrative tasks.. Key facts on fit: If you have strategy and management experience in a fast-growing startup or nonprofit, or in consulting, finance, tech, or recruiting — and you have deep AI safety knowledge and motivation — you might be a great fit. To help scale these organisations you need to understand their goals, reason in a transparent and analytical way about how they can achieve them, and be open to others’ viewpoints on how to solve problems.. . Continue reading → . AI . Operations . Organisation-building . Research management . . . #247 – Anton Leicht on how middle powers avoid losing everything in a post-AI world . Podcast by Tom Reed · Published July 14th, 2026 . . . In a post-AGI world, can a country without access to frontier AI even be considered sovereign anymore?. Anton Leicht says once frontier AI becomes a core economic input, the countries that own it will pull further and further ahead. Everyone else stays a customer… or worse. Maybe the dominant power wants your land, or a military base, or a resource. Without economic leverage, there’s very little you could do about it.. Anton — Carnegie fellow and writer of the blog Threading the Needle — thinks middle powers should band together and build their own frontier models.. He’s costed it out : something like $500 billion over four years for a band of allied democracies. That’s not absurd money for the G7 minus the US. The problem is you’d be asking treasuries to take on sovereign debt for a speculative venture with no business case, wide open to US coercion and domestic backlash.. So despite its promise, Anton’s verdict is that it probably won’t happen. His backup is for countries to ask themselves: if intelligence becomes abundant, what stays scarce?. Upstream, that’s everything that feeds the supply chain: ASML’s lithography machines, chipmaking, exclusive training data — all of it gets more valuable as AI does.. Downstream, “a country of geniuses in a data centre” still can’t cure cancer without someone building the production plants and running the trials. The Europeans, Japanese, and South Koreans are good at exactly these real-world bottlenecks.. It’s an imperfect fix. The US would still hold more leverage, plus an incentive to re-industrialise and cut you out. The prize is avoiding the worst outcomes: a gradual but irreversible decline, waiting to be either annexed or discarded as the US and China race ahead.. . Continue reading → . AI . AI policy . AI-enabled power grabs . AI-enhanced decision making . China-related AI safety & governance . . . #246 – Sneha Revanur on how a small team of activists helped pass America’s landmark AI safety laws . Podcast by Zershaaneh Qureshi · Published July 8th, 2026 . . . Six years ago, aged just 15, Sneha Revanur founded the AI advocacy nonprofit Encode — back when AI felt like a niche issue. Now the world’s caught up with her, and she’s ready to share everything she’s learned about the politics of AI.. Encode has grown from a grassroots youth organisation to spearheading an unlikely coalition of AI-exposed groups — family-first conservatives, grieving mothers, Hollywood actors, and AI safety researchers — with the strength to take on $125m-funded anti-regulation lobbyists .. So far, Encode’s strategy of taking many experimental swings has netted major victories (including California’s frontier AI safety bill, SB-53 , and New York’s RAISE Act ) as well as some disappointing setbacks.. Going up against Big Tech hasn’t been easy. In 2025, OpenAI subpoenaed Encode’s general counsel at his home, with a sheriff’s deputy arriving while he was having dinner with his wife. The fallout went viral, resulting in more attention than Encode had ever experienced — and Sneha was forced to decide how hard to push back against a company she’d need to negotiate with for years to come.. In today’s conversation, Zershaaneh Qureshi interrogates some of Encode’s strategic moves. The pair discuss all the above, plus:. How the AI industry’s crypto-inspired anti-regulation strategy is not “AGI-pilled”. Why AI advocacy doesn’t have to be held back by the slow pace of policy. How mutual trust can hold together the unlikeliest of political allies. Advice for aspiring AI advocates — including how to balance political persuasion with rigorous reasoning. . Continue reading → . Advocacy . AI . AI policy . AI-enabled power grabs . Institutional decision making . . . We can guess what intergalactic war would look like. And strangely, it matters. . Podcast by Robert Wiblin · Published June 18th, 2026 . . . Intergalactic war is probably billions of years away — yet physics can already tell us how it ends. And strangely that conclusion is relevant to decisions people have to make today.. In this video, Rob Wiblin walks through a fascinating analysis from researcher Beren Millidge that uses known physics — no wormholes or faster-than-light travel — to identify the only three weapons that could work at an intergalactic scale.. We then unpack how to best defend against each.. The upshot is that at the intergalactic scale, violence is a losing proposition.. If so, the universe is most likely to settle into a stable patchwork where each galaxy belongs to whoever got to it first. Which would mean that what humanity does over the next few centuries could permanently decide which slice of the cosmos belongs to Earth-originating life — and whether our very existence turns out to be a good thing, or a bad one.. . Continue reading → . Civilisational resilience . Future generations & longtermism . Space governance . . . ← Older content . . . . Join our newsletter. Get weekly updates on our research, plus jobs and other opportunities to get involved.. . . . . Get 1-1 advice. Want to tackle a pressing global problem with your career?. Speak to an advisor . . . Our research. Career guide . AI careers . List of world problems . List of top skills . List of careers . Foundations . Future generations . Artificial intelligence . Anonymous advice . College advice . New releases . All our research . Translations of our content . . Follow us. Podcast . 80k After Hours . Our videos . Newsletter . Twitter . Instagram . LinkedIn group . Facebook . TikTok . YouTube . . Take action. Find a job . Get 1-1 advice . Make a career plan . About us. Why 80,000 Hours? . Meet the team . Our impact and credibility . Our donors . Contact us . Support us . . . . . . 80,000 Hours Limited is a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (with registered company number 15746854).. Please contact us to suggest ideas, improvements, or corrections.. We do our best to provide useful information, but how you use the information is up to you. We don’t take responsibility for any loss that results from the use of information on the site. Please consult our full legal disclaimer , website privacy notice , and terms of use . See also our cookie notice and adjust your cookie preferences .. © 2012-2026 – all rights reserved. Please contact us if you wish to redistribute, translate, or adapt this work.. . . . .