https://www.olark.com/help/security

Security at Olark Skip to main content . Answer Questions Generate Leads Qualify & Route Optimize Campaigns Customers Pricing . Log in Preview . . Answer Questions Generate Leads Qualify & Route Optimize Campaigns Customers Pricing Log in Preview . . . Help / Setup . Security at Olark. . We’re actively working on updating these pages to reflect our latest software. Contact us if you have questions . . We at Olark want all our customers to feel secure. In the interests of self-improvement and customer security, this page has our latest full-disclosure policy.. If you are a current customer. If you feel your account might have been compromised, or if there is an unexplained charge from us, absolutely do not hesitate to contact us through our chat box.. We will work with you to get the problem solved as quickly as possible, and get you back to making your customers happy!. If you are a professional security researcher. We sincerely thank you for your help, and will happily offer a bounty for submissions of security bugs under the following criteria:. The bug is an application vulnerability (database injection, XSS, session hijacking, remote code execution and so forth) in our main website, the JavaScript chat box, our API, Olark Chat, or one of our other core services.. The bug does not depend on any part of the Olark product being in a particular 3rd-party environment. In particular, we are not responsible for vulnerabilities on the sites of any of our customers that may happen to use Olark, unless those vulnerabilities might affect other Olark users or our main site.. The bug’s effects are not limited only to browser/version combinations that cannot be conceivably called modern in any way–we’re looking at you, IE6/7.. You are the original source of the bug through your own research, and you are the first person to report the particular vulnerability to us.. You have given/are giving us a reasonable amount of time to act upon the disclosure before disclosing it to any other organization, or to the public.. You are not a minor, nor are you on any list of people we are not legally allowed to do business with.. There are some caveats to the above. To wit:. Please do not test our capacity, or for Denial of Service or similar exploits.. Please do all testing on your own account, and not to any other customers. Also, please make the effort not to destroy any data/defraud anyone/set any puppies on fire. We respect the privacy and safety of the people using our service, and hope you feel the same way.. Please do not run any automated exploit scanners without a limited scope. This generates spam for us, and is annoying, and will likely cover a lot of ground that has already been tread.. Please submit the reproduction as plain text, or as POCs in standard image or video formats (gif, png, mp4, and similar). Submissions received in various rich text formats (docx, pdf) will be asked to resubmit in plain text.. We reserve the right to refuse or grant awards solely at our discretion, and to modify or cancel this policy at any time with no prior notice. We’ll try not to be mean about it, though.. We leave any tax implications or legal standing in your own country to be entirely your own responsibility.. XSS attacks that require user submission (“reflective” XSS, as opposed to “stored” XSS) are not eligible for a bounty, but can still receive recognition here if the attack is novel.. Vulnerabilities that result from code managed by any third-party partner we use in the operation of our product is not eligible for a monetary reward. However, we will provide contact information if you wish to attempt a Responsible Disclosure submission to that partner directly, and your submission may still be eligible for a listing on the Hall of Fame.. How to disclose an issue. Submit your finding to security@olark.com ( pgp , but please note the current (as of 2018-05-15) vulnerability mentioned here ). Please include:. A summary of the problem. A proof-of-concept or a stepwise breakdown. How to identify you for attribution on this page.. We’re not an Internet giant, but will happily award between $100-$300 for critical disclosures, and may award more at our discretion. We will also list you here in the Special Thanks session and buy you a beer (or similar beverage) if we ever run into you in person.. Please note that we are not a huge company, and all of our engineers have many responsibilities in addition to keeping our product secure. Since that is the case, there may be a lag in responses from us, and there may be some time between submission and the patching of the vulnerability. We’re sorry if you bump into either of these things, but promise that we will eventually evaluate and respond to your submissions.. Special Thanks. Following are all the people who have participated in our responsible disclosure program, and to them we extend our heartfelt thanks.. 2026. Anisto Mejin. 2025. Vaibhav Shinde . Aditya Singh . Ankit Rathva . Nishant Lungare. Mohd Ali . Rohith.S . Rajat_Sec . 2024. Heidar Zeinalli. Faizan Ahmad Wani . 2023. Multansingh Medtiya . Faizan Ahmad Wani . Nikhil Rane . 2022. Mustafa Jamal . Faizan Ahmad Wani . Yash Devkate (rootxyash) . 2021. Dipak Panchal (@DipakPanchal05) . Adityan M.. Faizan Ahmad Wani . Raul Gadzhiev . Dmitry Ivanov . 2020. Sachin Birendra Pandey ( @SachinP01470613 , LinkedIn ). Pal Patel . Indira Sabeesh. Raj Shinde. 2019. MLM Software . Ratnadip Gajbhiye. Rayen Messaoudi . Prabhjot Dunglay . Sameer Phad @sameerphad72 . Sree Visakh Jain . Muhammad Aurangzaib @z41b1337 . Cyborg Wayne. 2018. Bryan Galao. @missoum1307 . Amal Mohandas . Kaushik Sardar . 2017. Ankit Singh . Gareth Heyes . Eusebiu Blindu @testalways . Nikhil @niksthehacker . Angkan Chanda (n1ghtcr4wl3r) https://nightcr4wl3r.blogspot.com . 2016. Anirudh Anand . Yogesh Modi . Ahmed Jerbi . Zawad Bin Hafiz @thezawad . Roei Sherman. Shailesh Suthar @shailesh4594 . Frans Rosén . The creator of certifications.fyi . Diogo Real @c0rtePentest . Bernardo Ariel Díaz @bada_77 . 2015. Frans Rosén . Abdul Haq Khokhar . Ivan Ivanovich . Avram Marius Gabriel . Muhammad Hassaan Khan . Prayas Kulshrestha. Fredrik Nordberg Almroth . Bogdan Calin. Romin Farajpour Cami @MF4rr3ll . Shivam Kumar Agarwal . Nithish M. Varghese . Jaidip Kotak @JaidipKotak . Sree Visakh Jain . Pratik Panchal Infobit Technologies . Milan Solanski. Cyber Warrior Bug Researchers . Raghav Bisht . 2014. José Luís Zayas Banderas www.axarnet.es . Issam Rabhi @issam_rabhi . Anand Sundar Tiwari @anandtiwarics . Suhas Gaikwad . Rishiraj Sharma @ehrishiraj . HariKrishna Valugonda @vhssunny1 . Ravikumar Paghdal @_RaviRamesh . Nitesh Shilpkar . Mahadev Subedi, bootstrapic.com . Akhil Reni @akhil_Reni . Christy Philip Mathew @christypriory . Deepanker Chawla . Robin Puri . Manish Bhattacharya @umenmactech . Frans Rosén . Thalaivar Subu . Luke Francl . Amaresh Pattanayak (C-Dac, Knowledge Park, Bangalore). karthickumar.k. Sachin Thakuri . Hammad Mahmood . Osama Mahmood . prashanth varma . Jakub Żoczek . Jigar Thakkar, Infobit @jigarthakkar39 . 2013. Muhammad Mujtaba @mushti . Muhammad Waqar @MuhammadWaqar_9 . Ravikumar Paghdal @_RaviRamesh . Harsha Vardhan Boppana @hvboppana . Frans Rosén . Yaroslav Olejnik - O.J.A.. Vinod Tiwari @war_crack . Javid Hussain @javidhussain21 . Kamil Sevi @kamilsevi . Christy Philip Mathew @christypriory . Ehraz Ahmed @securityexe . Siddhesh Gawde . Umraz Ahmed @umrazahmed . Denis Kolegov @dnkolegov . Sergey Markov. Nitesh Shilpkar . P.B. Surya Subhash @pbssubhash . Jon, Bitquark Security Research . Mathias Karlsson . Rafael Pablos . Vinesh N. Redkar @b0rn2pwn . Saurabh Chandrakant Nemade @SaurabhNemade . Paul Seekamp. Jigar Thakkar, Infobit @jigarthakkar39 . Tejash Patel @tejash1991 . Vinod R. Kurup @apwbd007 . Devesh Bhatt @deveshbhatt11 . Jakub Żoczek . Mateusz Goik, AliantSoft . Abdelhamid ABOULOUAFA @_ham1d . Hassan El Hadary. Jayvardhan Singh @Silent_Screamr . Simon Bräuer @redshark1802 . Mayank Kapoor, HacKerDesk @wHys0serious . Gurjant Singh, HacKerDesk @GurjantSadhra . Michiel Prins, HackerOne @michielprins . Muhammad Shahmeer, Maads Security @Shahmeer_Amir . . Was this article helpful? 👍 👎 . . Search help articles Chat with an Olarker Mon–Fri, 7am–4pm Pacific Open a support ticket Or email support@olark.com Tweet @olarksupport Quick answers to short questions All Systems Operational Subscribe to status notifications . . . . Browse more topics. Browse by category. Getting Started Installation, setup, and your first chats Setup Chatbox styling, agent profiles, and working hours Installation Install Olark on your website or platform Integrations Connect Olark with your CRM, helpdesk, and more New Olark The latest version — new features and workflows Olark Classic Documentation for the legacy version of Olark Billing Receipts, refunds, and account options . . . . Product. Pricing Full Feature List Integrations Live Chat Accessibility . Solutions. Answer Questions Generate More Leads Qualify & Route Visitors Optimize Campaigns Support Customers Faster . Resources. Help Center ROI Calculator Status Sitemap . Company. About Values Handbook Partners Contact . . © 2026 Olark · Backed by Y Combinator · B Corp certified · Founded 2009 · Privacy · Terms · GDPR . . .