https://www.olark.com/help/refunds/

Refunds | Olark Skip to main content . Answer Questions Generate Leads Qualify & Route Optimize Campaigns Customers Pricing . Log in Preview . . Answer Questions Generate Leads Qualify & Route Optimize Campaigns Customers Pricing Log in Preview . . . Help / Billing . Refunds. . We’re actively working on updating these pages to reflect our latest software. Contact us if you have questions . . Everyone changes their mind from time to time. If you forgot to cancel or tried Olark and decided against it, we’ll be sorry to lose you but happy to assist!. If your situation is not covered by the FAQs, feel free to chat with us or send us an email . The Refunds section of our Terms of Service is also an excellent reference. Be sure to read the Mutual Beveraging section.. How do I request a refund? . It’s a straightforward process.. Cancel the service for which you’d like a refund:. To cancel your Olark plan, go to your Billing page and click Cancel Plan .. To cancel a PowerUp, contact support by opening a support ticket or starting a chat. ( Note: canceling your core plan will not cancel your PowerUps.) . Create a ticket with your refund request here . The ticket should detail that you have canceled your service and would like to request a refund.. The service must get canceled before a refund can be completed. Due to security concerns, we can’t make any changes to your billing account.. Do you offer full refunds?. Yes, in the following instances:. You were going to cancel before the end of your trial period.. You planned to cancel before a plan renewal but lost track of time.. Please follow the steps listed above, and we’ll refund the charge.. Do you offer partial refunds?. In a case of early cancellation during a 1 year or 2 year plan, we recommend the monthly version of the plan instead. This can get canceled at any time.. For example, we wouldn’t offer a partial refund 1 year into a 2 year subscription.. Newcomers to Olark should start out with our monthly plan. This can change to a billing schedule of 1 year or 2 years at any time you choose.. If you decide to cancel a PowerUp part way through your monthly billing cycle, we’ll refund your most recent charge.. How far back can I request a refund?. We are happy to process a full refund within 60 days of a payment if you weren’t using the service during that time. After 60 days, credit card providers usually no longer allow a refund on a charge.. How does the refund work?. The steps above are all you have to do! The charge will get refunded to the original credit card.. This can take up to 7-10 business days to appear but is usually much sooner. We’re at the mercy of the banks on this one. 😊. . Was this article helpful? 👍 👎 . . Search help articles Chat with an Olarker Mon–Fri, 7am–4pm Pacific Open a support ticket Or email support@olark.com Tweet @olarksupport Quick answers to short questions All Systems Operational Subscribe to status notifications . . . . Browse more topics. Browse by category. Getting Started Installation, setup, and your first chats Setup Chatbox styling, agent profiles, and working hours Installation Install Olark on your website or platform Integrations Connect Olark with your CRM, helpdesk, and more New Olark The latest version — new features and workflows Olark Classic Documentation for the legacy version of Olark Billing Receipts, refunds, and account options . . . . Product. Pricing Full Feature List Integrations Live Chat Accessibility . Solutions. Answer Questions Generate More Leads Qualify & Route Visitors Optimize Campaigns Support Customers Faster . Resources. Help Center ROI Calculator Status Sitemap . Company. About Values Handbook Partners Contact . . © 2026 Olark · Backed by Y Combinator · B Corp certified · Founded 2009 · Privacy · Terms · GDPR . . .