https://www.anjuna.io/press/anjuna-raises-25m-funding-to-fuel-momentum-and-expand-confidential-computing-offerings-for-ai

Anjuna Raises $25M Funding to Fuel Momentum and Expand Confidential Computing Offerings for AI --> . . . Product. . . Anjuna Overwatch. . Agentic AI governance and security, enforce policies in real-time.. . . . Anjuna Seaglass. . Universal Confidential Computing Platform to run any app in any cloud with complete data security and privacy.. . . . Anjuna Northstar. . AI Data Fusion Clean Room offering a private environment for limitless AI-driven data value discovery.. . . . . . . . Solutions. . Play with our interactive 3D visualization to learn how Anjuna Seaglass enables ISVs and SaaS vendors to offer secure Al.. . Secure Al All Industries. . . . . . Solutions by Industry. . From financial services institutions to software providers and blockchain companies, achieve new levels of security and trust.. . . . Solutions by Use Case. . Accelerate your cloud journey, secure sensitive data and secrets, ensure compliance and enable new ways of collaboration.. . . . . . . Customers . Partners. . No technology is an island. Ensuring our customers’ success requires collaboration.. . Become a Partner All Partners. . . . . . . Unleash Secure Cloud Computing with Anjuna on AWS Nitro Enclaves. . . . Elevate Cloud Security with Anjuna on Microsoft Azure Confidential Computing. . . . App-Level Isolation for Unrivaled Cloud Security. . . . Strengthen Workload Security on Top of AMD SEV. . . . Pioneering the Future of Secure Insights. . . . Ushering in the Era of Confidential AI. . . . . . . . . Resources. . . Resource Library. . Learn about Anjuna through a wide variety of assets, including solution briefs, white papers, videos and more.. . All Resources. . . . . . Webinar. . AI at Its Best: US Navy Explores LLM Trust and Performance with NVIDIA & Anjuna. . Learn More. . . . . . . . . . . . What is Confidential Computing?. . Understand the fundamentals of the underlying technology and how Anjuna can help you.. . . . Blog. . Learn from our experts about product updates, use cases, case studies, and technical best practices.. . . . Upcoming Events. . Stay up to date on the world of confidential computing with our list of upcoming trade shows and webinars.. . . . . . . Contact Us . Start Free . . . . . . . . . . Press Release. . . Anjuna Raises $25M Funding to Fuel Momentum and Expand Confidential Computing Offerings for AI . . Anjuna. . August 7, 2024. . . . . . . Anjuna, creator of Anjuna Seaglass, the Universal Confidential Computing Platform, today announced it has secured $25 million in a Series B extension, which will propel and expand its AI-enabling enterprise offerings.. https://www.anjuna.io/press/anjuna-raises-25m-funding-to-fuel-momentum-and-expand-confidential-computing-offerings-for-ai. . . . . . Anjuna Raises $25M Funding to Fuel Momentum and Expand Confidential Computing Offerings for AI. Company to pioneer confidential AI for U.S. Navy with NVIDIA technology integration . Palo Alto, Calif. – August 7, 2024 – Anjuna , creator of Anjuna Seaglass, the Universal Confidential Computing Platform, today announced that it has closed a $25 million Series B2 financing round to propel and expand its AI-enabling enterprise offerings. The round was led by M Ventures , the corporate VC of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, SineWave Ventures , and AI Capital Partners (Alpha Intelligence Capital’s U.S.-based fund), with participation from existing investors Founder Collective , Insight Partners , Playground Global , and Uncorrelated . Additionally, M Ventures’ Ilja Aizenberg and SineWave’s Patricia Muoio are joining the company’s board of directors. . Confidential Computing is a novel category of hardware-enabled infrastructure security. However, its heterogeneous nature has historically made it complex to implement. The transition to Universal Confidential Computing unlocked by Anjuna Seaglass , a software platform that virtualizes this new class of processors, makes Trusted Execution Environments accessible in minutes, regardless of cloud service provider, infrastructure and applications.. “We are delighted to partner with Anjuna, the leader in Confidential Computing. Anjuna Seaglass provides a multi-cloud platform for secure AI-driven collaboration, which is critical in enabling industries such as healthcare and semiconductors to fully exploit their data's massive potential. This partnership underscores our commitment to secure collaboration between multiple parties using highly sensitive or regulated data” said Ilja Aizenberg from M Ventures.. Fueling Accelerated Growth and Innovation . Building on strong customer and partnership momentum, Anjuna has achieved substantial growth in revenue and customer acquisition, with its bookings and customer base more than doubling year over year.. The latest funding round will help Anjuna expand its AI-enabling enterprise offerings, highlighted by the launch of Anjuna Seaglass™ AI Clean Rooms , now available in private preview. By uniquely leveraging Confidential Computing to establish secure data-sharing environments, it is poised to propel enterprise multi-party collaboration in AI and other mission-critical use cases.. Shaping Trustworthy AI for U.S. Navy with NVIDIA Collaboration . A member of NVIDIA Inception , a program for cutting-edge startups, Anjuna is collaborating with NVIDIA to help advance GPU-accelerated confidential AI for enterprises. By usiing Anjuna Seaglass on NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs with Confidential Computing capabilities, organizations are equipped to accelerate the deployment of high-performing large language models (LLMs) without compromising trust, security, and privacy. . Leveraging Anjuna Seaglass with NVIDIA LaunchPad , the U.S. Navy successfully tested Llama3 LLM models on confidential NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs. The seamless integration enabled the U.S. Navy to create and deploy confidential environments in less than one hour , while obtaining high-speed processing with maximum performance . . "We believe in democratizing secure computing, data privacy, and trustworthy AI," affirmed Ayal Yogev, CEO & Co-founder of Anjuna Security. "With NVIDIA accelerated computing and our flexible Seaglass platform, Anjuna is poised to deliver universal access to Confidential Computing for businesses worldwide.". Resources: . Anjuna Confidential AI, powered by NVIDIA GPUs Brochure . Anjuna Confidential AI, powered by NVIDIA GPUs Video . Anjuna Seaglass AI Clean Rooms White Paper . Anjuna Free Trial . About Anjuna . Anjuna created Anjuna Seaglass, the first Universal Confidential Computing Platform, capable of running applications in any cloud with complete data security and privacy. Anjuna Seaglass isolates workloads in a hardware-assisted environment that intrinsically secures data in every state to create a Zero Trust environment for code and data. Anjuna Seaglass empowers enterprises to directly control application-level trust policies, ensuring that only trusted code can access sensitive data. Anjuna works with enterprises around the globe in industries such as financial services, government, and blockchain. To learn more about Anjuna Seaglass and its impact, visit anjuna.io .. About M Ventures . M Ventures is the strategic, corporate venture capital arm of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. From its headquarters in the Netherlands and offices in Germany, USA and Israel, M Ventures invests globally in transformational ideas driven by innovative entrepreneurs. Taking an active role in its portfolio companies, M Ventures teams up with management teams and co-investors to translate scientific discoveries into commercial success. M Ventures focuses on investing along the two extensive investment areas Biotechnology and Technology in alignment with the strategic interest of the parent company. We cover the areas of Healthcare drug development, Life Science tools, Electronics, and Frontier Technology & Sustainability. For more information, visit m-ventures.com . About SineWave Ventures . SineWave Ventures occupies the valuable space where the Valley, Fortune 500, and the Public Sector interact. We are an early-stage venture capital firm dedicated to accelerating technologies across the Fortune 500 and public sector ecosystems. The firm currently has over $300mm in committed capital across diversified funds. Our value lies in the expertise that drives our thesis, our ability to help companies navigate unfamiliar verticals and generate diverse revenue sources, and our unique networks that we can draw on to help our portfolio companies. Our thesis-driven investment has resulted in a concentrated portfolio focused on computing, cybersecurity, networking, and data and analytics. For more information, visit sinewave.vc . About Alpha Intelligence Capital (AIC) . Alpha Intelligence Capital (AIC) is a global venture capital platform that invests in deep Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) technology-based companies. AIC’s core focus lies in companies in the Series-A to Series-D stages, developing breakthrough products and solving real business problems. The teams at AIC operate out of San Francisco, Paris, and Singapore. For more information, visit aicapital.ai . Media Contact: . Mauricio Barra, VP of Marketing for Anjuna. Email: mauricio.barra@anjuna.io . . Read the Full Article . . . . . . Home Anjuna Overwatch Anjuna Seaglass™ Anjuna Northstar . Solutions. By Industry By Use Cases . Partners. AWS . Microsoft Azure . Google Cloud . AMD . Intel . NVIDIA . Redis . HashiCorp . . . . Resources. Resource Library Blog Events Documentation . Company. About Us Press Careers Legal . Contact. Demo Request Contact Support . . . . 2026 Anjuna Security, Inc., All rights reserved.. . . . . . . . . . .