https://www.anglehealth.com/post/angle-health-secures-series-c-financing

Angle Health Secures Series C Financing - Angle . Who We Serve. . Members Employers Brokers Providers API Platform Quoting . . About Us. . About Us Media Blog Fireside Chats Careers . . Log In. . Broker Member Provider Employer . . . . Member Employer . Find My Doctor . . . . . . . . . . Angle Health Secures Series C Financing . Angle Health. . Angle Health Raises $600 Million at a $2.7 Billion Valuation to Continue Expanding Affordable Healthcare Access for Small Businesses . ‍. Since launching in 2021, Angle Health has emerged as the leading alternative to traditional health insurance plans for small businesses nationwide, now serving more than 5,000 employers, offering customized health plans in 47 states, and delivering four consecutive quarters of profitability. . ‍. SAN FRANCISCO – September 18, 2026 – Angle Health, the first AI-native healthcare benefits platform, today announced a $600 million equity financing at a $2.7 billion valuation, consisting of a $200 million Series C financing and a $400 million tender offer. The round, led by Vitruvian Partners with participation from new investor Town Hall Ventures and existing investors Blumberg Capital, Portage Ventures, PruVen Capital, and Y Combinator, is expected to close later this month. . ‍. The announcement comes at a time when employers are facing the largest increase in health insurance costs in two decades.† Small and midsize businesses are hit especially hard, with limited options that are costly, confusing, and difficult for employees to navigate, or simply unaffordable. This dynamic impacts a growing number of Americans as the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has consistently reported small business employment growth outpacing that of larger businesses, a trend that is poised to accelerate as AI breaks down barriers to entrepreneurship. . ‍. “Access to great healthcare shouldn’t depend on the size of the company you work for,” said Ty Wang, co-founder and CEO of Angle Health. “Small businesses employ tens of millions of Americans, yet they have historically had the least options available to them for healthcare coverage and almost no control over its costs. We built Angle Health to fix that. This financing enables us to reach more of the local businesses that power our country and continue to deliver a personalized, higher-quality, more affordable healthcare experience to everyday Americans. We are particularly excited to partner with Vitruvian, as we specifically sought out a group with deep expertise at the intersection of healthcare, technology, and financial services and a proven track record of successfully scaling companies through growth-oriented partnerships.” . ‍. By combining a modern, AI-driven technology platform with an integrated approach to local, personalized healthcare access, Angle Health enables employers with as few as two employees‡ to offer their employees sophisticated, customized benefits and personalized healthcare journeys, improving experiences and outcomes across the ecosystem. Employers choosing Angle Health benefit from increased choice, transparency and stability. Their employees have access to an expanding suite of AI-powered navigation and targeted clinical capabilities, facilitating healthier, lower-cost and more satisfied plan members, while concurrently removing administrative friction for the clinicians serving those members. The company’s Benefit Builder platform brings unprecedented transparency to group underwriting, allowing brokers to generate firm, underwritten quotes in minutes, customize plans in real time, and access the industry’s first-of-its-kind Health Scorecard. Today, the company serves over 5,000 employers with customizable plans available in 47 states. . ‍. “Angle Health has replaced the archaic systems and manual workflows of a century-old industry with a healthcare platform built for the AI-era,” said Jeremy Gelber, partner at Vitruvian. “Its combination of technology, industry-leading growth and retention, and financial stability in an increasingly volatile market is proof that the team at Angle Health has built something truly needed. At Vitruvian, we focus on aligning capital with change, so we are thrilled for the opportunity to help Angle Health scale its impact and expand access to high-quality healthcare for working Americans.” . ‍. Building From a Position of Strength . Angle Health enters its next phase from a position of financial strength, with 120% year-over-year growth and four consecutive quarters of EBITDA and GAAP net income profitability. Angle Health now serves over 5,000 employers with nearly $1 billion in annualized premium-equivalents. Angle Health’s renewal pricing is consistently below market benchmarks, helping drive strong customer retention. This financing comes less than 10 months after announcing its Series B financing. . ‍. The capital will support Angle Health’s long-term strategy and mission to reimagine healthcare access in America by challenging the traditionally opaque, expensive, and disjointed experience offered by legacy insurers. Angle is investing in rebuilding the underlying infrastructure and pathways to care, making it easier for Americans to access high-quality treatment while helping businesses better manage healthcare costs. This includes continued investment in its AI-native technology platform and seamless navigation across hyper-local, condition-specific care options, creating greater transparency and a better experience for brokers, employers, employees, and the clinicians who serve them. . ‍. Continued Momentum . Beyond its financial and business performance, Angle Health continues to expand its ability to deliver more affordable, high-quality healthcare while helping employers manage rising costs. The company has launched care delivery programs with best-in-class partners to provide lower-cost, high-quality access to services including high-cost medications, infusions, outpatient surgery, and radiology. Angle Health has also delivered some of the most stable health plan renewal rates in the market, with median year-over-year rate increases of just 5-7%, compared with a median increase of 18% for SMBs.†† . ‍. These milestones reinforce Angle Health’s progress toward building a more efficient, affordable, and accessible healthcare experience for everyday Americans, starting with those who work for the small businesses that employ nearly half of Americans yet have long been an afterthought for the healthcare industry. Angle Health’s AI-native platform is helping to usher in a new era of healthcare access, where affordable, high-quality care can be available to all Americans. . ‍. About Angle Health . Angle Health connects thousands of employers and their employees to transparent, affordable healthcare. Through its AI-native healthcare benefits platform capable of end-to-end health plan administration, Angle Health enables businesses of any size to offer custom, integrated benefits and personalized healthcare experiences. The Angle Benefit Builder and Quote-to-Card platforms enable brokers to generate firm underwritten quotes in minutes with just a census and implement groups in real-time. To learn more, visit www.anglehealth.com . . ‍. About Vitruvian . Vitruvian Partners is a global growth-focused investor with offices across London, Miami, San Francisco, Dubai, Luxembourg, Madrid, Mumbai, Munich, Shanghai, Singapore and Stockholm. Vitruvian focuses on dynamic situations characterised by rapid growth and change across asset-light industries. Vitruvian has over $23 billion of active funds which have backed many leaders in their sectors, including CRF Health, Medison Pharma, Just Eat, EasyPark, Skyscanner, Wise, Global-e, CFC, and Darktrace. Further information can be found at www.vitruvianpartners.com . . ‍. † U.S. Workers Are Paying More for Healthcare, and Next Year Will Be Worse, Wall Street Journal, August 20, 2026.. †† Morgan Health, June 2026 study. Morgan Health is a JPMorganChase business focused on improving the quality, affordability, and equity of employer-sponsored health care in the U.S. . ‡Minimum number of employees varies by state. . . Contacts . Media Contact . Chelsea Allison . chelsea@heycommand.com . ‍. ‍. . . . Press. . . September 18, 2026. Angle Health Raises $600 Million at a $2.7 Billion Valuation to Continue Expanding Affordable Healthcare Access for Small Businesses . . . . January 20, 2026. Ty Wang, CEO and co-founder, honored for building a more transparent, accessible healthcare system for small and mid-sized businesses. . . . January 20, 2026. Partnership to Expand Access to More Affordable Infusion Care for Employers. . . . January 20, 2026. Angle Health and Leap Health Partnership Transforms Infusion Care Delivery for Better Member Experience. . . . December 3, 2025. Angle raises Series B funding to scale AI-native benefits platform for SMB employees facing record increases. . . . . . . . Angle. About Us . Newsroom . Blog . Careers . Find My Doctor . Machine Readable Data . . Members & Employers. Member Log In Employer Log In . Overview . Member Resources . . Providers. Overview . Join The Network . Provider Resources . Provider Log In . . Brokers. Overview . Partner with us . . . General inquires: hi@anglehealth.com . For Member Services: members@anglehealth.com , +1 (855) 937-1855 . For Provider Services: providers@anglehealth.com , +1 (855) 937-1811 . For Sales: Click Here . For Utah employers, please visit our Utah insurer at balancedinsuranceco.com .. ‍. Copyright © 2026 Angle Health. All rights reserved. Disclosures Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy . . Angle Health is a healthcare technology company bringing quality, tech-enabled health insurance plans to the modern employer and their employees. Angle's employer sponsored health insurance plans in the state of Utah are offered by Balanced Insurance Company of Utah. Employer sponsored health insurance solutions are produced by Angle Insurance Services and administered by Adrem Administrators in most states across the country.. . . . We use cookies and similar technologies to help personalize content and provide a better experience.. . Accept All Cookies Reject All . . . . .