https://reflex.dev/blog/seed-annoucement/

Reflex Raises $5M Seed Round - Lux Capital . New xy is now in Reflex Build Read more . . Platform Platform Overview See how the Reflex platform fits together. AI Builder Build and test production software with AI. Integrations Connect your data, APIs, models, and services. App Management Deploy, Monitor and govern your apps. Workflows Coming soon Automate business processes with AI agents. Join the waitlist. Implementation Enterprise controls and hands-on engineering from discovery to rollout. . . . . Resources Learn. Docs Templates MCP Skills . . Company. About Careers Press Discord . . . . Sep 17 2026 Sigma Computing Alternatives (2026): BI Rivals vs Data App Platforms Read All in Blog . . . . Solutions Explore solutions Find a workflow, customer example, and starting point. Financial Services Put trusted analysis next to every decision. Public Sector Modernize essential services without losing control. Healthcare Turn complex care workflows into clear next actions. Technology Ship differentiated products from one Python stack. Manufacturing Connect factory operations to faster, safer decisions. Consulting Turn expert analysis into client-ready software. . . How Autodesk saved 25% of their development time Case studies . . . . Developers Open source. Framework Overview The open-source Python framework behind your apps. Reflex Web apps in pure Python . 29K XY Fast and composable charts . 1.8K . . Resources. Documentation Explore guides, components, APIs, and examples. MCP Connect coding agents to current documentation and components. Skills Give coding agents reusable guidance and workflows. . . Enterprise Package. Auto MCP Turn your application's workflows into tools for AI agents. Authentication Add secure OIDC authentication and authorization. End-to-End Testing Run browser tests against a live Reflex app. . . . . . Pricing . . . . . 31K . Sign In . Book a Demo . Platform Platform Overview See how the Reflex platform fits together. AI Builder Build and test production software with AI. Integrations Connect your data, APIs, models, and services. App Management Deploy, Monitor and govern your apps. Workflows Coming soon Automate business processes with AI agents. Join the waitlist. Implementation Enterprise controls and hands-on engineering from discovery to rollout. . Learn Docs Templates MCP Skills . Company About Careers Press Discord . Solutions Explore solutions Find a workflow and starting point. Financial Services Put trusted analysis next to every decision. Public Sector Modernize essential services without losing control. Healthcare Turn complex care workflows into clear next actions. Technology Ship differentiated products from one Python stack. Manufacturing Connect factory operations to faster, safer decisions. Consulting Turn expert analysis into client-ready software. . Developers Framework Overview The open-source Python framework behind your apps. Reflex Web apps in pure Python XY Fast and composable charts Documentation Explore guides, components, APIs, and examples. MCP Connect coding agents to current documentation and components. Skills Give coding agents reusable guidance and workflows. Auto MCP Turn your application's workflows into tools for AI agents. Authentication Add secure OIDC authentication and authorization. End-to-End Testing Run browser tests against a live Reflex app. . Pricing Sign In Book a Demo . . . . . Blog . / Announcing our Seed Round . / Announcements · Aug 2, 2023 . Announcing our Seed Round. Reflex has raised a $5M seed round led by Lux Capital. Learn how we're building the future of Python web development and accelerating our platform.. . Announcing our Seed Round!. We’re thrilled to announce Reflex (formerly Pynecone - more on that in a bit!) and the $5 million we raised in seed funding led by Lux Capital with participation from Abstract Ventures , Box Group , Y Combinator , Picus Capital , and Outset Capital . . Additionally, we are thrilled to bring on some fantastic founders as angel investors, including Qasar Younis , (Cofounder and CEO of Applied Intuition), Jack Altman , (Cofounder and CEO of Lattice), Paul Copplestone , (Cofounder and CEO of Supabase), Matt Kraning , (CTO, Cortex at Palo Alto Networks), Alfredo Andere , (Cofounder and CEO of Latch Bio), and others. . With this investment, we will accelerate the development of our open-source ecosystem and release our hosting service optimized for usability and performance. This will allow our users to build powerful Reflex apps in minutes and deploy them with a single command.". Why we started Reflex. Web apps are the most common way for developers to share their ideas. But even for skilled engineers, without experience in traditional frontend tools like Javascript or React, making a web app can be overwhelming and time-consuming. . And once their app is created, deploying it is often a nightmare. . Over the years, many low-code and no-code frameworks have tried to make web development more accessible, but they all have limitations and graduation risks compared to standard web frameworks. . With Reflex, we have created a framework that lets developers leverage their existing Python skills to build and deploy apps without compromising on flexibility or customization. . Reflex allows you to make anything from a small data science project to a full-scale, multi-page web app. . Since Reflex apps compile down to traditional frontend frameworks, there's no constraint on the type of apps you can build. . Instead of reinventing the web development ecosystem, we're trying to make the existing ecosystem more accessible. . What We’ve Done So Far. Since our launch in December 2022, our community has grown to 5,000 monthly developers making 14,000 Reflex apps, 60+ contributors to our GitHub project, and over 1,500 members in our Discord.. We've also seen a broad range of skill levels and use cases, from software engineers at large companies building internal apps to startups building their main customer-facing apps. . And it’s not just tech companies: Reflex is used in a wide range of industries ranging from biology and quant finance to manufacturing. . As Pynecone, we participated in Y Combinator’s Winter 2023 cohort with the goal of making an open-source framework for web apps in pure Python. . We formally rebranded from Pynecone to Reflex to align with our goal of creating a platform that is intuitive and simple to learn, yet flexible and robust enough to handle any use case. . As we grow, our mission is to make our platform the easiest way to build and deploy web apps. . Next Steps. We have three core goals for the next stage of our company.. Reflex Hosting: . The open-source project is only half of the vision. . In the upcoming months, we will build and release a beta of our hosting service so users can quickly deploy, scale, and share their apps. Our primary areas of focus for our hosting service are security, reliability, and optimizing app performance by running our app close to the user on the edge. . Rapid Onboarding: . Our goal is to be the easiest way to build web apps. We're working on adding base app templates, higher-level components, and built-in styles so developers can go from an idea to a working app as fast as possible. . Core Framework: . We will continue to grow our open-source framework to have feature parity with traditional front-end frameworks. . This includes adding more complex styling methods like detailed animations and improvements to our core component library. . Explore our detailed product roadmap . . Stay tuned for updates on our progress! . -- Reflex Team. . Written by. Reflex Team @reflex-dev . . . . . More Posts. . Unlocking New Workflows with Background Tasks. Sep 28, 2023 · 3 minute read . . . Pynecone is now Reflex. Jun 28, 2023 · 1 minute read . . . Sigma Computing Alternatives (2026): BI Rivals vs Data App Platforms. Sep 17, 2026 · 11 minute read . . . . . . . . Build the applications you used to buy.. Start building Book a Demo . . . Platform. Overview AI Builder Integrations Enterprise App Management Pricing . . Open source. Framework XY GitHub . . Solutions. Overview Internal tools Analytics Knowledge applications Financial services Healthcare Consulting Government Manufacturing Technology . . Community. Discord . . Developers. Documentation Agent Toolkit Templates Changelog . . Comparison. From no/low-code Frameworks From other AI tools . . Company. About Press Customer stories Careers . . Trust. Security Security review System status . . Resources. Blog Plan your first workflow FAQ Brand kit . . Terms & policies. Privacy policy Terms of service . . Get Updates. Email address . . . . . . . . . Reflex © 2026 Pynecone, Inc. . All servers are operational (opens in a new tab) . . . . . . Built with Reflex . .