https://cova.care/about

Our Mission: Paying Michigan's Family Caregivers | Cova Home Care About Home Help Program Resources Cova Contact a Care Guide Get Started . About Cova Someone in the family is already doing this .. We pay family caregivers for the care they are already giving, and we take the ordeal that stands between them and their first paystub off their hands.. . 11,000 Americans turn 65 every day. 7 in 10 of them want to stay home. . What Cova owes them: Every caregiver paid for their love. Every elder growing old at home. Every family kept whole. . . . . Why we started We went to Detroit and sat at the kitchen table. . . We have sat in living rooms across Detroit. A daughter who cut her hours to be there in the mornings. A son sleeping on the couch so his father is not alone overnight. Every family said a version of the same thing to us. I was going to do this anyway. . We knew that Michigan had a program that will pay a family member for that care, but most families had never heard of it. The ones who had either didn't want to try because of how daunting it seemed or were weeks into an application that moves between four different people. No clue where they were in the process. Months of delay. Almost none of that time was care.. Cova exists to pay the person already there and to carry the bureaucracy for them. If we do that well, a caregiver gets a paycheck for what they were going to do out of love regardless, and someone gets to grow old in their own house. That is our duty.. Ansh Tandon & Jordan Ibe Co-founders, Cova . . Ansh and Jordan at a family caregiver group session in Detroit . Jordan interrupting a line dancing water break to spread the word about paid caregiving . . . . In our words Two minutes on what Cova does. . . . . . Get started If someone in your family is giving care right now, we would like to get them paid. Get Started . Or call (734) 707-7330 . A person answers.. . . Cova . We know how much caregivers do;. they deserve Cova to care for them too. . . Caring for someone on Medicaid?. Learn more at michiganhomehelp.com . . Y Backed by Y Combinator © Cova Home Care, 2026. . . . .