https://watsi.org/profile/aaab957cd1dc-seang-ly

Seang Ly is a teenage boy from Cambodia who needs $652 to fund contracture release surgery on his hand. | Watsi . . How it Works About Us FAQ . Meet another patient . . Log In . . . . . . . . . . Ways to give. . Donate Monthly . Meet a Patient . Launch a Campaign . Send Gift Cards . Donate Crypto . . . . Get to know us. . About Watsi . How it Works . Impact Report . See our Financials . FAQ . . . . Stay in touch. . Our Blog . Contact Us . . . . Log in . . . Meet Seang Ly. Seang Ly is a teenage boy from Cambodia who needs $652 to fund contracture release surgery on his hand.. . . . Seang Ly's story. September 15, 2026. Seang Ly is a 15-year-old Grade 10 student from Cambodia. He is the eldest of two children and lives with his parents, who sell coffee. He enjoys studying Khmer literature, playing football with his younger brother, and helping his mother at the family shop. His favorite foods are fried egg and caramelized pork.. When Seang Ly was one year old, he crawled into a cooking fire in the kitchen and suffered a severe burn to his right hand. About a month later, his fingers began tightening, eventually causing severe contractures of all five fingers. All five fingers on his right hand are severely contracted and firmly attached to his palm. This makes it difficult for him to move his fingers and use his right hand normally.. When Seang Ly’s family learned about our medical partner, Children’s Surgical Centre, they traveled for six hours seeking treatment. On September 15th, surgeons at CSC will perform a burn contracture release surgery to help loosen the contracted fingers and improve movement in his right hand, making it easier for him to use his hand in everyday activities. Now, he needs help to fund this $652 procedure.. Seang Ly’s mother said, “I hope this surgery can help release my son’s fingers so he can move and use his right hand more easily. He has lived with this problem for many years, and I hope he will be able to use his hand more comfortably and do more things on his own.”. . Seang Ly is a 15-year-old Grade 10 student from Cambodia. He is the eldest of two children and lives with his parents, who sell coffee. He e.... . Read more. . . Seang Ly's Timeline. September 15, 2026. PROFILE SUBMITTED. Seang Ly was submitted by Pisey Sim Rey, Administration Officer at Children's Surgical Centre . . . September 15, 2026. TREATMENT SCHEDULED. Seang Ly was scheduled to receive treatment at Kien Khleang National Rehabilitation Centre in Cambodia. Medical partners often provide care to patients accepted by Watsi before those patients are fully funded, operating under the guarantee that the cost of care will be paid for by donors. . . . September 15, 2026. PROFILE PUBLISHED. Seang Ly's profile was published to start raising funds. . . . TODAY. AWAITING FUNDING. Seang Ly is currently raising funds for his treatment. . . . TBD. UPDATE IN PROGRESS. Seang Ly's treatment update from Children's Surgical Centre is in progress. . . . . . . . . . 30% $198 raised , $454 to go . . . . . Dedicate donation . . . Funded by 7 donors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Share Seang Ly's story. . . . . . . $198. raised. . . $454. to go. . . . . . Dedicate donation . . . . . . Seang Ly's story. September 15, 2026. Seang Ly is a 15-year-old Grade 10 student from Cambodia. He is the eldest of two children and lives with his parents, who sell coffee. He enjoys studying Khmer literature, playing football with his younger brother, and helping his mother at the family shop. His favorite foods are fried egg and caramelized pork.. When Seang Ly was one year old, he crawled into a cooking fire in the kitchen and suffered a severe burn to his right hand. About a month later, his fingers began tightening, eventually causing severe contractures of all five fingers. All five fingers on his right hand are severely contracted and firmly attached to his palm. This makes it difficult for him to move his fingers and use his right hand normally.. When Seang Ly’s family learned about our medical partner, Children’s Surgical Centre, they traveled for six hours seeking treatment. On September 15th, surgeons at CSC will perform a burn contracture release surgery to help loosen the contracted fingers and improve movement in his right hand, making it easier for him to use his hand in everyday activities. Now, he needs help to fund this $652 procedure.. Seang Ly’s mother said, “I hope this surgery can help release my son’s fingers so he can move and use his right hand more easily. He has lived with this problem for many years, and I hope he will be able to use his hand more comfortably and do more things on his own.”. . Seang Ly is a 15-year-old Grade 10 student from Cambodia. He is the eldest of two children and lives with his parents, who sell coffee. He e.... . Read more. . . Seang Ly's Timeline. September 15, 2026. PROFILE SUBMITTED. Seang Ly was submitted by Pisey Sim Rey, Administration Officer at Children's Surgical Centre . . . September 15, 2026. TREATMENT SCHEDULED. Seang Ly was scheduled to receive treatment at Kien Khleang National Rehabilitation Centre in Cambodia. Medical partners often provide care to patients accepted by Watsi before those patients are fully funded, operating under the guarantee that the cost of care will be paid for by donors. . . . September 15, 2026. PROFILE PUBLISHED. Seang Ly's profile was published to start raising funds. . . . TODAY. AWAITING FUNDING. Seang Ly is currently raising funds for his treatment. . . . TBD. UPDATE IN PROGRESS. Seang Ly's treatment update from Children's Surgical Centre is in progress. . . . . . . . Funded by 7 donors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Share Seang Ly's story. . . . . . Treatment. Burn Contracture Release Surgery. . Cost Breakdown. Diagnosis. Procedure. . On average, it costs $652 for Seang Ly's treatment. . Hospital Fees. $145. . . Medical Staff. $445. . . Medication. $0. . . Supplies. $43. . . Labs. $14. . . Radiology. $5. . . . Symptoms. Impact on patient's life. Cultural or regional significance. ​What kinds of symptoms do patients experience before receiving treatment? . . The patient will have burns on one or multiple areas of his or her body, which can be both functionally limiting and cosmetically uncomfortable. Burns can become infected and necrotic. Scars or contractures may form where the individual has been burned. This causes the skin to tighten, making it difficult for the patient to move the affected area. This condition can limit function, especially if the contractures form on the patient's hand. . ​What is the impact on patients’ lives of living with these conditions? . . Contracture burns are common on young children's hands and feet, and they limit their mobility. As children grow older, they often become uncomfortable about the appearance of the burns. . What cultural or regional factors affect the treatment of these conditions? . . Many Cambodian homes use open cooking fires, which increase the risk of accidental burns. . . . Process. Impact on patient's life. Risks and side-effects. Accessibility. Alternatives. What does the treatment process look like? . . During a debridement procedure, the burned skin is removed under general anesthesia. If there is any necrotic tissue, it is removed by a sharp dissection and cleaned with antiseptic agents. Once good granulation tissues are seen, the area is covered with a skin graft donated from the upper arm or thigh. When scars or contractures form (usually within one month after the burn), a z-plasty is needed. Surgeons make a z-shaped incision along the contracture area and release the tightened tissue. Dressings are applied. Additional post-operative care might involve physiotherapy and pressure garments. . What is the impact of this treatment on the patient’s life? . . Patients will experience increased function, reduced pain, and a much lower risk of infection. . What potential side effects or risks come with this treatment? . . If less than 40% of the body is burned, these burns can be effectively treated through debridement, skin graft, and contracture release treatments. There is a risk of infection, but this can be managed with various forms of daily dressings. . How accessible is treatment in the area? What is the typical journey like for a patient to receive care? . . Skin grafts and other burn treatments are accessible at local clinics and hospitals. However, if patients are poor, they often resort to traditional healers.. What are the alternatives to this treatment? . . Traditional medicine is available, but with unsuccessful results. . . . . . . . . Meet another patient you can support. 100% of your donation funds life-changing surgery.. . . . Constant is a two-year-old boy from Malawi. He is the last-born child in a family of four children, and his mother manages the home while his father runs a small electronics business to support the family. Constant has an right inguinal hernia, a condition that occurs when abdominal tissue protrudes through a weak spot in the lower abdominal muscles, causing a bulge in the groin area. The condition has brought periods of discomfort and worry to his young life. His mother has watched him grow while also keeping a close eye on the swelling, especially when it becomes more noticeable. At his age, Constant should be free to play, explore and enjoy being a child without his family having to worry about a condition that may require surgery. His parents have sought help because they want to see him treated and able to grow without the discomfort and uncertainty that have accompanied the hernia. After assessment at Nkhoma Hospital, Constant's mother was advised that he would need hernia repair surgery. When the family learnt about the cost of treatment, they were worried as they could not afford the full amount. His mother is hopeful that, with support, her little boy can receive the treatment he needs and be able to grow up healthy, active, and free from the burden of this condition. Fortunately, on August 11th, Constant will undergo hernia repair surgery at Nkhoma Hospital, our medical partner's care center. His family is contributing towards his care, but still needs to raise $421 more for his treatment. Constant’s mother said, “As his mother, all I want is to see Constant grow up healthy and free from this problem. He is still so young, and I want him to be able to play, run and enjoy his childhood without us worrying about the swelling. I am hopeful that with the help of the donor program, he will receive the surgery he needs and have a better future.”. . . 7% funded . $30 raised . . $391 to go . . . . . . . . Constant is a two-year-old boy from Malawi. He is the last-born child in a family of four children, and his mother manages the home while his father runs a small electronics business to support the family. Constant has an right inguinal hernia, a condition that occurs when abdominal tissue protrudes through a weak spot in the lower abdominal muscles, causing a bulge in the groin area. The condition has brought periods of discomfort and worry to his young life. His mother has watched him grow while also keeping a close eye on the swelling, especially when it becomes more noticeable. At his age, Constant should be free to play, explore and enjoy being a child without his family having to worry about a condition that may require surgery. His parents have sought help because they want to see him treated and able to grow without the discomfort and uncertainty that have accompanied the hernia. After assessment at Nkhoma Hospital, Constant's mother was advised that he would need hernia repair surgery. When the family learnt about the cost of treatment, they were worried as they could not afford the full amount. His mother is hopeful that, with support, her little boy can receive the treatment he needs and be able to grow up healthy, active, and free from the burden of this condition. Fortunately, on August 11th, Constant will undergo hernia repair surgery at Nkhoma Hospital, our medical partner's care center. His family is contributing towards his care, but still needs to raise $421 more for his treatment. Constant’s mother said, “As his mother, all I want is to see Constant grow up healthy and free from this problem. He is still so young, and I want him to be able to play, run and enjoy his childhood without us worrying about the swelling. I am hopeful that with the help of the donor program, he will receive the surgery he needs and have a better future.”. . . 7% funded . $30 raised . . $391 to go . . . . . . . Kataleya is a sweet 13-year-old girl from Bolivia. Kataleya lives in the northern part of the country with her mother, who is a homemaker; her dad, who works in agriculture; and her younger sister. Kataleya was taken to the doctor with complaints of headaches, and it was during this visit that doctors heard a murmur and discovered her heart problem. Kataleya has a cardiac condition called an atrial septal defect. A hole exists between the two upper chambers of her heart: blood leaks through this hole, leaving her weak and short of breath. On May 20th, Kataleya will undergo heart surgery at our medical partner's care center, Hospital del Niño Dr. Ovidio Aliaga Uría. During surgery, surgeons will sew a patch over the hole so that blood can no longer leak through it. Kataleya's family needs help to fund the costs of cardiac care and surgery. Our medical partner, International Cardiac Alliance, requests $1,500 to cover the cost of cardiac exams and diagnostics, surgical costs, follow-up care, and medications. Kataleya's mother shared, "I'm grateful that my daughter is receiving her surgery. They told me the heart murmur was going to close with time, but recently we found out it didn't. I pray she will have a good surgery, and she can feel much better so she can exercise as she wishes.". . . 74% funded . $1,121 raised . . $379 to go . . . . . . . . Constant is a two-year-old boy from Malawi. He is the last-born child in a family of four children, and his mother manages the home while his father runs a small electronics business to support the family. Constant has an right inguinal hernia, a condition that occurs when abdominal tissue protrudes through a weak spot in the lower abdominal muscles, causing a bulge in the groin area. The condition has brought periods of discomfort and worry to his young life. His mother has watched him grow while also keeping a close eye on the swelling, especially when it becomes more noticeable. At his age, Constant should be free to play, explore and enjoy being a child without his family having to worry about a condition that may require surgery. His parents have sought help because they want to see him treated and able to grow without the discomfort and uncertainty that have accompanied the hernia. After assessment at Nkhoma Hospital, Constant's mother was advised that he would need hernia repair surgery. When the family learnt about the cost of treatment, they were worried as they could not afford the full amount. His mother is hopeful that, with support, her little boy can receive the treatment he needs and be able to grow up healthy, active, and free from the burden of this condition. Fortunately, on August 11th, Constant will undergo hernia repair surgery at Nkhoma Hospital, our medical partner's care center. His family is contributing towards his care, but still needs to raise $421 more for his treatment. Constant’s mother said, “As his mother, all I want is to see Constant grow up healthy and free from this problem. He is still so young, and I want him to be able to play, run and enjoy his childhood without us worrying about the swelling. I am hopeful that with the help of the donor program, he will receive the surgery he needs and have a better future.”. . . 7% funded . $30 raised . . $391 to go . . . . . . . Kataleya is a sweet 13-year-old girl from Bolivia. Kataleya lives in the northern part of the country with her mother, who is a homemaker; her dad, who works in agriculture; and her younger sister. Kataleya was taken to the doctor with complaints of headaches, and it was during this visit that doctors heard a murmur and discovered her heart problem. Kataleya has a cardiac condition called an atrial septal defect. A hole exists between the two upper chambers of her heart: blood leaks through this hole, leaving her weak and short of breath. On May 20th, Kataleya will undergo heart surgery at our medical partner's care center, Hospital del Niño Dr. Ovidio Aliaga Uría. During surgery, surgeons will sew a patch over the hole so that blood can no longer leak through it. Kataleya's family needs help to fund the costs of cardiac care and surgery. Our medical partner, International Cardiac Alliance, requests $1,500 to cover the cost of cardiac exams and diagnostics, surgical costs, follow-up care, and medications. Kataleya's mother shared, "I'm grateful that my daughter is receiving her surgery. They told me the heart murmur was going to close with time, but recently we found out it didn't. I pray she will have a good surgery, and she can feel much better so she can exercise as she wishes.". . . 74% funded . $1,121 raised . . $379 to go . . . . . . . Mala is a 14-year-old Grade 9 student from Cambodia. He is the second of five children and lives with his parents, who are rice farmers. His older brother is a university student, while his younger siblings attend primary school. He enjoys reading and helping his parents in the rice fields. His favorite subject is physics, and he likes fish sour soup. For four years now, Mala has had multiple osteochondromas, non-cancerous bone tumors. The growths are located in several areas, including both legs, both arms, and the right scapula, with the most troublesome growths currently around the right proximal tibia and right scapula. The osteochondromas cause pain and stiffness, particularly around his right leg and shoulder. The discomfort makes it difficult for him to walk and sit comfortably and interferes with his usual activities. Mala traveled to our medical partner's care center to receive treatment. On September 8th, surgeons at our medical partner, Children's Surgical Centre (CSC), will remove the mass. Now, Mala needs help to raise $344 to fund this procedure. Mala's father said, “I hope the surgery will reduce my son’s pain and stiffness and help him walk and sit more comfortably. I want him to be able to move freely and enjoy his daily activities again.”. . . 0% funded . $0 raised . . $344 to go . . . . . . Meet another patient . . . Take Action. Meet All Patients Donate Monthly Launch a Campaign Send Gift Cards Donate Crypto . Get to Know Us. About Us How it Works FAQ See Our Financials Brand Kit . Stay in Touch. Our Blog Contact Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram . . Email us at [email protected] . . . Email us at [email protected] . Privacy Policy Terms of Use We'd love to hear from you! Email us at [email protected] . Watsi is a 501(c)(3) non-profit. EIN: 45-3236734 | © 2026. . . . . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . . Close . .