https://agencytool.com

Agency Tool Co: Robotics Infrastructure Home Blog Company Log In Join the waitlist >_ . . CLOSE × . 01 Home 02 Blog 03 Company 04 Log In Join the waitlist >_ PRIVACY TERMS . . . Field Robots Faster. . Agency Tool Company gives robotics teams reliable infrastructure to build, deploy, manage, and operate real-world robots, so your team can focus on the things customers care about.. . . . . WHY . . 00 — THE PROBLEM. Existing build and deployment systems weren’t built for robots.. Robots are more like pets than cattle. Cloud and IoT tooling assumes disposable, identical, always-connected machines. Fielded robots break those assumptions.. Deployment challenges bottleneck developer iteration and field rollouts alike. The friction and risk make operations and customer teams wary of shipping updates.. THE SOLUTION. We build tools for the reality of robotics.. . . Grande-44 working hard · Courtesy of Burro . . . . . . DEPLOY . . 01 — ATC DEPLOY. Built alongside teams putting robots into production environments.. IN BETA TODAY WITH. . . . Over-the-air updates for one robot on your bench or thousands in the field.. . . EASY TO START. One line to install. No agents to babysit, no infrastructure project. Install on a robot and ship your first update in minutes.. $ curl -fsSL ⣒⡷⡩⢌⡓⡮ the install host, withheld until launch, | sh. Install link coming soon. . . LIGHTNING FAST. 20x faster than a docker pull. Smart delta updates and compression move only what changed, so even 10GB+ images update in a fraction of the time.. DOCKER PULL . ATC DEPLOY −95% . . . FLEXIBLE. Works with your setup. Smart defaults out of the box but flexible to suit the reality of robotics.. ROS 2 LEROBOT DIM OS CUDA ZENOH ETC. . . . With fast CLI tools for engineering and an ergonomic web UI for operations, ATC Deploy is the over-the-air update tool that works from a single robot to thousands of machines across the world. Put down the duct tape and use Deploy.. . . . . . . WHO . . WHO IT’S FOR. You need ATC Deploy if. . Tempo grinding away · Courtesy of Tempo Works 01. Your engineers are up after midnight SSH’d into robots to upgrade the fleet.. . 02. Your devs and test techs could take a lunch break every time they update software.. . 03. Flaky network connections and intermittent uptime make it difficult to keep a synchronized fleet.. . 04. You’ve got a spreadsheet managing per-robot and per-group configurations and calibrations that go alongside your software.. . . . . . Sound familiar?. ATC Deploy is rolling out to more teams soon. Join the waitlist → . . . . . . . BUILD . . 02 — ATC BUILD - COMING SOON. CI on the hardware you actually ship.. ATC Build is a CI runner backed by our hosted specialized embedded compute infrastructure. Your continuous integration executes on the same platform you use in production, so you can evaluate hardware accelerators, timing, and system performance long before code reaches a robot.. Join the waitlist → . SOURCE CONTROL commit 8f3a12c . . GITHUB ACTIONS / GITLAB CI runs-on: atc-build . . ATC BUILD · HOSTED JETSON running on Orin AGX . . RESULTS + PERF PROFILES ✓ passed · 12.4 ms p99 . ORIN NANO · NX · AGX · THOR. . . . 01. Get started with a single line. No capex, no racks of devkits to build and maintain. Point your pipeline at ATC Build and your first job runs on real Jetson hardware in minutes.. . 02. Practice. like you play. Measure and optimize performance in situ: on the same silicon, accelerators and clock speeds your robots run in production.. . 03. Avoid target-hardware bugs. No emulation, no "worked on my machine" surprises. Find out what broke the build before it makes it to a real robot.. . . HARDWARE. Run CI on the hardware you actually ship. NVIDIA Jetson in the cloud: Orin Nano, NX, AGX, and Thor. Need something else? Reach out about specialty x86, Raspberry Pi, Rockchip, and more.. . INTEGRATION. Plugs straight into your CI. Works as a runner for GitHub Actions or GitLab CI. Keep your workflows, swap the machine underneath.. . FIDELITY. No emulation. Use all the hardware, including CUDA, NVENC, DLA, and specialty accelerators, to make sure your software really works.. . SPEED. The fastest way to run CI. Cached artifacts and Docker builds keep pipelines short, so devs and test techs stop waiting on pushes.. . OBSERVABILITY. Fast feedback when things break. See what’s going wrong in your pipeline, with continuous performance profiling in the cloud, plus hooks and examples to make it easy.. . STANDALONE. Works with or without ATC Deploy. ATC Build runs with ATC Deploy or entirely on its own. . . . . . . . . STATS. . . BENCHMARK · 10 MBPS LINK. Ship faster than you thought possible. Deploying a single line change in a 1-layer docker image over a slow link is 10x faster with ATC Deploy. STATS. ATC Deploy finally lets you ship software as fast as your agents can write it.. commit → release: one path rollback: one action fleet state: one view . . . . . . . . USE CASES . . 01 / 04 ← → . . Updating robots on intermittent connections. SEGMENT · DEPLOYED ROBOTICS ENVIRONMENT · OUTDOOR / REMOTE . CHALLENGE Fielded robots are not known for perfect connectivity. Flaky LTE, marginal warehouse WiFi, Starlink under tree canopy, that one customer with the robot parking in a dead zone. You need your robots to stay up to date, but it’s rare to make it through a 30GB+ install uninterrupted.. INFRASTRUCTURE OUTCOME Opportunistic, resumable software download picks up where it left off after an interruption. Byte-level delta transfers with compression make the most of your LTE budget. Custom hooks allow you to define when and how your robot pulls installs, such that download isn’t competing with teleoperation or high-priority traffic. . . Stop asking your customers to bring the robots to an area with good networking while your support team forces an update.. . Drones scanning inventory instead of people · Courtesy of Gather AI . Configuration, calibration and other artifacts deployed where you need them. SEGMENT · INDUSTRIAL ROBOTICS ENVIRONMENT · MANUFACTURING . CHALLENGE Robot-specific files like calibrations and customer or region-specific configurations and credentials become difficult and error prone to manage manually as fleets scale.. INFRASTRUCTURE OUTCOME ATC Deploy Channels allow you to manage and target artifacts to specific robots, fleet segments, software versions, and any filterable criteria. Deploy artifacts right alongside your software with clear observability, audit trail and triage.. . . . Rapid Field Testing. SEGMENT · ROBOTICS ENVIRONMENT · IN-SITU . CHALLENGE Test technicians, often forward-deployed in challenging environments, waste time manually building, downloading and switching between software versions in the field. . INFRASTRUCTURE OUTCOME ATC Deploy makes it easy to queue multiple software versions on your robot and cycle through them on-demand, improving test productivity and letting your team validate more builds faster.. . . Tracing what ran where, and when. SEGMENT · AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES ENVIRONMENT · ON ROAD . CHALLENGE Teams need to audit which software version ran on a vehicle during any incident, and need multiple approvals and sign-offs before a version reaches a deployed vehicle.. INFRASTRUCTURE OUTCOME A complete deployment history per device, queryable by version, time, and environment. Approval chains and role-based signoff workflows enable software tagging, so that prototype software never runs on a deployed vehicle.. . . . . . . . . . . FAQ . . 05 — FAQ. Common questions. Don’t see your question answered here? Join the waitlist and reach out to us.. . What is ATC Deploy? − ATC Deploy is an over-the-air software delivery and fleet-management system, purpose-built for robotics. It helps teams move application bundles, container images, configuration, and models from development into the field with control over transfer, activation, and rollout. Deploy moves bytes fast and survives bad networks, whether you’re a developer pushing to one robot right in front of you, or a fleet manager rolling out to robots around the world.. . . What is ATC Build? + ATC Build is a CI runner backed by hosted embedded compute. A one-line change puts real target hardware into the build and test pipeline you already have, so continuous integration runs on the same platform you ship to. That covers what an x86 cloud runner can only approximate: hardware accelerators, timing, driver behavior, and sensor I/O.. . . What parts of robotics deployment does the platform manage? + Release definition, environment promotion, delivery to edge and robot targets, rollback, and fleet-wide visibility of deployment state.. . . Does Deploy fit with my existing workflow and stack? + Yes, Deploy works with whatever your stack is, from Docker images to any compiled software outputs, and provides a CLI designed for developers & agents, and rich web interface for fleet operators. Structured output and observability hooks make deployment activity available to existing automation and monitoring systems. Deploy will ship software to any Linux-based target, and works great with ROS, ROS2, DimOS, Nix, LeRobot, Halos, etc.. . . What can Deploy deliver? + Deploy is built to support operating system updates, application bundles (arbitrary filesets and directory trees), OCI-compatible container images, configuration, models, and device-specific content. Multiple artifacts can be staged and activated as a single release, so you can deploy common software across a fleet while applying per-robot calibrations or per-customer configurations selectively.. . . How does it handle different robot configurations? + Fleets can be segmented by any attribute, built-in or user-defined, like hardware revision, site, or role, with releases targeted per segment, so heterogeneous fleets can stay on known, intended versions.. . . What operational visibility does it provide? + ATC Deploy’s web portal shows rich info like per-robot versioning, deployment progress and fleet convergence, plus health signals surfaced per unit, per site, and per fleet.. . . Can teams use their existing build and source-control systems? + Yes. Agency Tool Co builds flexible foundational infrastructure for robotics companies. Take it piece by piece, or take the whole suite. ATC Build and Deploy are meant to work seamlessly with GitHub, GitLab, Blacksmith, Buildkite, BuildBuddy, etc. . . . Can I migrate from Mender or Balena? + Yes. Because Deploy works seamlessly with standard OCI container images, arbitrary file bundles (like a Mender artifact) and common OS update systems, migrating is straightforward. Reach out and we’ll help you plan the cutover. Migration guides coming soon.. . . How do robotics companies get started? + Join the waitlist as we’re launching to new companies all the time. Installation is simple and you’ll be deploying to your first robot with ATC Deploy in minutes. . . . . . . . . . /01 Home /02 Blog /03 Company /04 Log In . . CONTACT US. EMAIL mailbox@agencytool.com . LinkedIn Agency Tool Company . X @AgencyToolCo . . Join the waitlist → . Reliable infrastructure to build, deploy and manage real-world robots.. . . . © 2026 AGENCY TOOL COMPANY . . .