https://reachpower.com/press/

Reach | Press Press - Reach Power Technology sub Technology Reach's patented wireless power technology combines pioneered energy transmission hardware, a custom delivery algorithm, and adaptive software controls. . . How It Works Go under the hood and learn how Reach builds a wireless power solution that delivers watts without wires. . Why Reach Discover the Reach Advantage—revolutionizing energy delivery with wireless power-at-a-distance. . --> . . Solutions sub Solutions Reach's scalable, flexible, mobile technology is transforming industry, upgrading defense capability, and improving public safety. . . Defense & Intelligence Even in harsh and remote environments Reach brings the advantage of adaptive, meshed, optimized wireless power beaming to the energy domain. . Manufacturing & Logistics Patented, industrial-scale power beaming increases the efficiency and uptime of robotics, sensors, and advanced devices, propelling innovation. . Public Safety Reach unlocks persistent drone flight to enable uninterrupted performance in the field, redefining how public safety teams operate. . . . Company sub Our Story Learn how a pioneering spirit, devotion to innovation and continuous learning sparked an enterprise to deliver power without wires. . --> Leadership Meet the Reach team that is taking wireless power solutions from lab to life. . News Stay informed with the latest updates, announcements, and milestones from Reach. . Careers Join our dynamic team and help design and deliver the future of wireless energy. . . . Resources sub Resources Learn more about Reach, its partners, and wireless power. . . Customers & Partners Reach works with leading organizations to deliver groundbreaking energy solutions across industries. . Blog Read about our case studies and engineering projects and explore updates on what's making wavelengths in the wireless energy domain. . FAQ Find answers to frequently asked questions about our solutions and technology . . . . Contact Us . . . News. Explore New Breakthroughs in Wireless Power Solutions. . . . Latest News. September 2, 2026 Reach Power and Panasonic Electric Works Sign MOU to Explore New Applications for Wireless Power, Including Smart Building and Robotics. Reach Power and Panasonic Electric Works have signed an MOU to jointly explore how wireless power beaming can support smart buildings, indoor service robots, connected devices, and future smart infrastructure use cases in Japan.. Read More Read more about Reach Power and Panasonic Electric Works Sign MOU to Explore New Applications for Wireless Power, Including Smart Building and Robotics . . August 20, 2026 Reach Power Appoints Dr. Ray Simpkin as Advisor. Dr. Ray Simpkin, former EMROD Chief Science Officer and wireless power transfer expert, joins Reach as advisor and consultant.. Read More Read more about Reach Power Appoints Dr. Ray Simpkin as Advisor . . August 4, 2026 Reach Power and University of Nebraska-Lincoln Awarded AFWERX STTR. Reach Power and the University of Nebraska-Lincoln NIMBUS Lab have received an AFWERX STTR Phase I award to explore wireless power-enabled perched drones for persistent communications and ISR.. Read More Read more about Reach Power and University of Nebraska-Lincoln Awarded AFWERX STTR . . June 9, 2026 Reach Power and Gambit Win OECIF Funding to Build Drone Swarms That Never Need to Land. Reach and Gambit have been selected for OECIF funding to combine wireless power and AI-enabled autonomy, enabling drone swarms to intelligently manage their own energy and operate with greater persistence.. Read More Read more about Reach Power and Gambit Win OECIF Funding to Build Drone Swarms That Never Need to Land . . May 21, 2026 Wireless Power for Autonomous Systems | Reach Wins xTech Competition. Reach wins Army xTechSearch 9 and launches SBIR to advance autonomous systems through wireless power beaming.. Read More Read more about Wireless Power for Autonomous Systems | Reach Wins xTech Competition . . October 8, 2025 U.S. Army Major General (Ret.) Patrick Roberson Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board. Reach announces U.S. Army Major General (Ret.) Patrick B. Roberson joins its Government Advisory Board.. Read More Read more about U.S. Army Major General (Ret.) Patrick Roberson Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board . . July 29, 2025 DARPA Selects Reach for EEI Award to Accelerate Wireless Power for Commercial and Public Sectors. Reach Power (Reach), the leader in Wireless Power-at-a-Distance, announced it has been selected by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to participate in its Embedded Entrepreneur Initiative (EEI). . Read More Read more about DARPA Selects Reach for EEI Award to Accelerate Wireless Power for Commercial and Public Sectors . . March 4, 2025 Reach Selected for Panasonic Accelerator Program . Reach Power (Reach) announced today it has been selected as one of five companies to join the Panasonic Accelerator by Electric Works Company, an exclusive innovation program led by Panasonic Corporation and ReGACY Innovation Group Inc.. Read More Read more about Reach Selected for Panasonic Accelerator Program . . February 24, 2025 Reach Awarded OECIF Funding to Advance Wireless Power for Persistent Sensors. Reach announced today that its Persistent Unattended Ground Sensors (PUGS) project, sponsored by Air Force Operational Energy, has been selected for a funding award through the Operational Energy Capability Improvement Fund (OECIF).. Read More Read more about Reach Awarded OECIF Funding to Advance Wireless Power for Persistent Sensors . . December 10, 2024 U.S. Navy Rear Admiral (Ret.) Jim Kirk Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board. Reach has appointed U.S. Navy Rear Admiral (Ret.) Jim Kirk, former commander of Expeditionary Strike Group 3, to its Government Advisory Board, strengthening its engagement with the Department of Defense.. Read More Read more about U.S. Navy Rear Admiral (Ret.) Jim Kirk Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board . . November 7, 2024 Reach Completes Phase II of Future Force Energy Campaign with U.S. Air Force, Demonstrating World’s First Wireless Power Relays. Reach successfully completed a U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) contract to develop the world’s first wireless power transfer (WPT) relay nodes, demonstrating their ability to extend power beaming beyond barriers and over longer distances.. Read More Read more about Reach Completes Phase II of Future Force Energy Campaign with U.S. Air Force, Demonstrating World’s First Wireless Power Relays . . September 5, 2024 Former DIU Energy Portfolio Director Benjamin Richardson Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board. Reach has appointed Benjamin Richardson, former Director of the Energy Portfolio at the Defense Innovation Unit (DIU), to its Government Advisory Board, where he will help shape the company’s federal strategy and advance the adoption of RF-based wireless power for defense applications.. Read More Read more about Former DIU Energy Portfolio Director Benjamin Richardson Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board . . August 8, 2024 Lt. Gen. (Ret.) David A. Krumm, Former Commander, Alaska NORAD Region Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board. Reach has appointed Lieutenant General (Ret.) David A. Krumm, former Commander of the Alaska NORAD Region and Eleventh Air Force, to its Government Advisory Board, where he will help advance the company’s wireless power technology to meet critical public sector energy needs.. Read More Read more about Lt. Gen. (Ret.) David A. Krumm, Former Commander, Alaska NORAD Region Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board . . June 13, 2024 Jim Smith, Former Acquisition Executive, United States Special Operations Command Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board. Reach has appointed Jim Smith, former Acquisition Executive for USSOCOM, to its Government Advisory Board, where he will provide strategic guidance to advance the company’s wireless power beaming solutions for defense and intelligence applications.. Read More Read more about Jim Smith, Former Acquisition Executive, United States Special Operations Command Joins Reach’s Government Advisory Board . . May 23, 2024 Reach Enables Wireless Power Mesh Networking for In-flight Drone Charging. Reach successfully demonstrated a groundbreaking RF-based wireless power transfer system for UAVs, using a mesh network of four transmitters to beam power to a drone in flight, marking a major advancement in scalable, resilient wireless energy distribution.. Read More Read more about Reach Enables Wireless Power Mesh Networking for In-flight Drone Charging . . May 8, 2024 Reach Establishes Government Advisory Board to Drive Growth in Federal Business. “Reach is pioneering innovative solutions that create ways to move energy without moving mass—a critical capability for our military’s operational success,” said Major General Hutmacher. “I am excited to be Reach’s first advisory board member and I look forward to both helping Reach build a strong board and bring wireless power technology directly to the warfighter.”. Read More Read more about Reach Establishes Government Advisory Board to Drive Growth in Federal Business . . July 20, 2023 Reach Engages with In-Q-Tel to Deliver Wireless Power Capacity. “High-performance, scalable wireless power-at-a-distance is a holy grail for many hard-to-solve defense and intelligence community use cases,” said George Hoyem, EVP, U.S. Investments, IQT. “Reach has demonstrated capabilities that are breaking new ground by enabling wireless power transmission at scale to be both safe and effective.”. Read More Read more about Reach Engages with In-Q-Tel to Deliver Wireless Power Capacity . . March 20, 2023 MissionLink.Next Selects Reach for its 2023 Cohort. The MissionLink Board received more than 150 nominations and ultimately 60 companies were selected for the 2023 cohort, bringing together top founders and CXOs from across the US in the areas of cyber, artificial intelligence & machine learning, analytics, biotechnology, autonomy, microelectronics, quantum science, space, UAS/drones, 5G, virtual reality, synthetic environments, internet of things and emerging technologies.. Read More Read more about MissionLink.Next Selects Reach for its 2023 Cohort . . December 2, 2022 Reach to Deliver the First Industrial-Scale Wireless Power Solution. Wireless power-at-a-distance company Reach, whose field-tested, proven technology delivers more point-to-multipoint power over greater distances than any product in the market. Read More Read more about Reach to Deliver the First Industrial-Scale Wireless Power Solution . . August 4, 2022 Reach Adds Technology Innovator Alan S. Cohen as New Board Member and Expands Executive Team. Reach’s wireless power-at-a-distance does for electric power what Wi-Fi did for data. It unleashes devices from power cords and battery limitations. Reach currently provides their high wattage, point-to-multipoint wireless power solutions to the manufacturing, logistics, retail, and defense industries.. Read More Read more about Reach Adds Technology Innovator Alan S. Cohen as New Board Member and Expands Executive Team . . November 13, 2018 DCVC leads Reach Labs’ $9M Series A to make scalable, far-field wireless power a reality. Nikola Tesla dismissed the idea of using radio waves to transfer electricity 130 years ago. Despite evidence to the contrary, he insisted that radio waves could only move in a straight line, and that they faded too quickly to transmit power (or information).. Read More Read more about DCVC leads Reach Labs’ $9M Series A to make scalable, far-field wireless power a reality . . . . . Ready for the next step?. Let’s Power Your Future Together!. . Contact Us . . . . Technology How it Works . . Solutions Defense & Intelligence . Manufacturing & Logistics . Public Safety . . Company Leadership . News . Careers . . Resources Customers & Partners . Blog . FAQ . . Contact Us Contact Us . . . . . © 2026 Reach Power Inc. Privacy Policy . Terms and Conditions . . . .