https://trestlebio.com/

Trestle Biotherapeutics | Bioengineered therapies for Kidney isease. Team . News . Contact . Menu Menu . . . . . . . Bioengineered Therapies. for Kidney Disease. . . . . . . . . . . . . From the Founders. . . . Our team has been building a new company that we’re proud to share with you – Trestle Biotherapeutics. The mission at Trestle is something that we’ve been thinking about for a long time, and we believe it will transform the lives of patients with kidney disease. If we get this right, the solutions we develop can be used to help millions of patients suffering from other types of organ failure.. The naming of Trestle carries many meanings for us. A trestle is a bridge which rests on the support of underlying and interconnected braces. That bridge allows continuation of a journey and enables the path to go on. We see the patients we aim to treat getting across. We also see it as a way to bridge scientific disciplines, to achieve what is only possible at their intersect. Lastly, we know there are smart people across the globe that we intend to bridge together, so they can contribute to what we’re building.. We’ve set out to do something ambitious and difficult. Developing a stem cell-based therapeutic solution for patients will take time, persistence, and the integration of some of the most exciting new technologies in stem cell biology, biofabrication, fluidics, and cell manufacturing. In some cases, we may need to develop new solutions that don’t currently exist.. We’ve begun to get this effort underway with tremendous intellectual and financial support from a great group of advisors and investors, and we are looking forward to sharing more of what we’re building in the coming months.. We’ll update soon,. -Ben Shepherd, PhD & Alice Chen, PhD. . . . . . . . . . A New Solution For Kidney Failure. . . . Kidney disease impacts 850 million people worldwide, 37 million in the United States. There are only two treatment options for people who progress to kidney failure – a rare kidney transplant or dialysis. While dialysis is a life-saving and essential treatment for more than 550,000 Americans, there have been no advances of treatment options for those with kidney failure since its advent nearly 60 years ago. And while dialysis sustains life, patients must endure constant medical risks of infection, vascular collapse, and personal tolls on quality of life.. Trestle is developing an implantable therapeutic tissue that will be delivered to patients suffering from end stage renal disease (ESRD). Our implantable bioengineered tissues will get patients off dialysis, delay their need for transplantation, and one day become replacement organs.. . . . . 1. . . 2. . . 3. . . 4. . . 5. . . . . . 1 . . 550,000 Kidney Failure patients in the US depend on dialysis for survival . . . 2 . . 5-year survival for patients on long-term dialysis is under 40% . . . 3 . . Of the 785,000 ESRD patients in the US, only 22,000 will receive a kidney transplant next year. . . 4 . . COVID survivors are 3X as likely to be diagnosed with ESRD. . . 5 . . 130,000 patients are diagnosed with ESRD in the US each year (356 patients every day). . . . . . . . . . . . . Team. . . . . . . . Ben Shepherd, PhD . December 20, 2021 / in Leadership / by David Anderson Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer. Ben is a vascular biologist, tissue engineer and regenerative medicine scientist by training. He has spent the past 10+ years in industry leading successful R&D teams and business development efforts focused on developing complex 3D human tissue systems. Prior to co-founding Trestle, Ben served as VP of Research & Preclinical Development at Organovo, where he oversaw preclinical translational research. In addition to internal R&D programs, he was responsible for management and oversight of Organovo’s external academic collaborations and helped guide and develop Organovo’s IP estate. Prior to leading preclinical translation efforts, Ben held various R&D leadership and Business Development roles at Organovo. He led initial R&D efforts focused on use of 3D bioprinting for creation of in vitro tissue models for use in drug discovery, ADME/Tox, and disease modeling. Ben is an author on more than 20 scientific articles and book chapters, and a named inventor on more than 10 patents.. Ben received his BS in Zoology from the University of Washington, a PhD from the University of Arizona in Physiological Sciences, and conducted postdoctoral training at the Yale School of Medicine in the laboratory of Jordan Pober MD, PhD. Ben is also a board certified cardiovascular perfusionist.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/Ben-Shepherd-updated.png 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-20 12:00:29 2024-04-30 14:16:34 Ben Shepherd, PhD . . . Alice Chen, PhD . December 20, 2021 / in Leadership / by David Anderson Co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer. Alice is a seasoned biotech leader with expertise in early-stage company building, commercialization of novel technologies in stem cell biology and 3D bioprinting, leading cutting-edge R&D programs, and driving corporate partnerships & strategy. Prior to co-founding Trestle, Alice served as Director of Research & Preclinical Development at Organovo, where she led R&D pipeline development of diverse 3D bioprinted human tissue models for use in drug discovery, ADME/Tox, and disease modeling. Prior to Organovo, she served as Director of R&D, Cellular Reprogramming at BioTime, Inc., where she launched ESIBIO, a subsidiary of BioTime focused on commercialization of novel stem cell tools and techniques for research and therapeutic applications. Prior to ESIBIO, Alice served as R&D Manager, Cellular Differentiation at Stemgent, Inc., where she led development of a broad product portfolio for use in cell fate modulation of stem cells towards organ-specific cell types. Alice also launched the contract research division in Cellular Reprogramming, the first commercial effort in providing mRNA-based reprogramming services for production of human induced pluripotent stem cells.. Alice received her BA in Biology from Pomona College, and PhD in Biology, with specialization in Developmental Biology from Johns Hopkins University and the Carnegie Institution of Washington, Department of Embryology. Alice completed her postdoctoral fellowship at the Harvard Stem Cell Institute with Dr. Douglas Melton, where she was a Jane Coffin Childs and Merck and Company Fellow. Alice has authored over 20 publications spanning developmental and stem cell biology, human 3D bioprinting, and disease modeling.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/Alice-Chen-updated.png 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-20 11:00:53 2024-04-30 14:16:54 Alice Chen, PhD . . . Bob Baltera, MBA . December 20, 2021 / in Leadership / by David Anderson Executive Chairman. Bob Baltera is currently Chief Executive Officer at Frazier portfolio company, Cirius Therapeutics, which is developing the next-generation insulin sensitizer for the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). He also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Mavupharma, a Frazier-founded company focused on novel approaches to selectively target the STING (stimulator of interferon genes) pathway, until its acquisition by AbbVie.. Before joining Frazier, Bob was Chief Executive Officer of Amira Pharmaceuticals until its sale to Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2011 for $475 million. Previously, he held a number of senior management positions over 17 years at Amgen. Bob currently serves on the board of directors for several companies, as well as the San Diego Venture Group, and has held multiple board seats in the past.. Bob earned his MBA. from the Anderson School at the University of California, Los Angeles; and a BS in microbiology and an MS in genetics from The Pennsylvania State University.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/BBaltera-updated.png 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-20 10:00:37 2024-04-30 14:17:09 Bob Baltera, MBA . . . . . . . . . . Advisors. . . . . . . . John Jersin . December 21, 2021 / in Advisors / by David Anderson Board Observer. John Jersin is a startup investor, advisor, and board director for a range of companies with a focus on social impact; including in digital health tech, life sciences, and biotech. He has helped a number of companies grow from seed stage to IPO. John was previously Vice President of Talent Solutions for LinkedIn, LinkedIn’s largest business unit – which includes several product lines driving a multi-billion dollar revenue stream – as well as all of the job seeking experiences on LinkedIn. While at LinkedIn, he launched several new product lines and platforms such as the Talent Insights analytics product, the Talent Hub applicant tracking system, a new industry standard integration called Recruiter System Connect, LinkedIn’s skill assessment platform, and the world’s first major recruiting diversity features to limit bias in recruiting, and many others.. John joined LinkedIn via the acquisition of Connectifier, where he was CEO and co-founder. At Connectifier, John built a platform used by tens of thousands of companies, and pioneered the use of Artificial intelligence in recruiting to promote diversity and efficiency. Prior to Connectifier, John was a product and engineering leader in Google’s Ads group. He launched the first version of real-time analytics in Google Analytics, as well as the first social analytics features. John was also CEO and co-founder of Zintin, a company which built iPhone apps, including Scribble which was one of the 10 most popular apps in the first year of the iPhone app store. John received a BS and an MS in Computer Science from UC San Diego, and Stanford University. He also created The Jersin Foundation to support social impact through non-commercial means. The Jersin Foundation takes action on issues of public good which require a technical or scientific perspective.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/John-Jersin-updated.jpg 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-21 12:00:05 2024-04-30 14:22:20 John Jersin . . . Jennifer A. Lewis, . ScD . December 21, 2021 / in Advisors / by David Anderson Jennifer A. Lewis is the Jianming Yu Professor of Arts and Sciences, the Wyss Professor for Biologically Inspired Engineering in the Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, and a core faculty member of the Wyss Institute at Harvard University. Her research focuses on 3D printing of functional, structural, and biological materials that emulate natural systems. Prior to joining Harvard, Lewis was a faculty member in the Materials Science and Engineering Department at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where she served as the Director of the Materials Research Laboratory. Currently, she directs the Harvard Materials Research Science and Engineering Center (MRSEC) and serves on the NSF Mathematical and Physical Sciences Advisory Committee.. Lewis has received numerous awards, including the Presidential Faculty Fellow Award, the American Chemical Society Langmuir Lecture Award, the Materials Research Society Medal Award, the American Ceramic Society Sosman and Roy Lecture Awards, and the Lush Science Prize. She is an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences, National Academy of Engineering, National Academy of Inventors, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. To date, she has co-founded two companies, Voxel8 Inc. and Electroninks, that are commercializing technology from her lab.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/Jennifer-Lewis-updated.jpg 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-21 11:00:41 2024-04-30 14:22:31 Jennifer A. Lewis, . ScD . . . Laura Niklason, . MD, PhD . December 21, 2021 / in Advisors / by David Anderson Dr. Niklason is the founder, President and CEO of Humacyte. Dr. Niklason founded Humacyte in 2005, while still a professor at Duke University. Humacyte is a regenerative medicine company currently performing Phase III trials of engineered blood vessels for dialysis access and for treatment of vascular trauma. Dr. Niklason’s scientific career has focused primarily on regenerative strategies for cardiovascular and lung tissues. She was inducted into the National Academy of Inventors in 2014, into the National Academy of Medicine in 2015, and inducted to the National Academy of Engineering in 2020. She was also named (along with Bill Gates and Joe Biden) as one of 34 leaders who are changing healthcare by Fortune Magazine in 2017. Dr. Niklason received PhD from the University of Chicago in Biophysics in 1988 and received her MD from the University of Michigan in 1991. Dr. Niklason completed her medical training in anesthesiology and critical care medicine at the Massachusetts General Hospital in 1996. She was a professor at Duke University from 1998 – 2005, before moving to Yale University in 2005.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/Laura-Niklason-updated.jpg 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-21 09:00:51 2024-04-30 14:22:56 Laura Niklason, . MD, PhD . . . Krishna Polu, . MD . December 21, 2021 / in Advisors / by David Anderson Dr. Polu is a nephrologist and clinical development executive who has extensive experience in developing drugs in kidney diseases and in complications of kidney failure. He most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer at Equillium (NASDAQ: EQ), a company focused on developing novel therapies for autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, and has served as a member of the Kidney Health Initiative (KHI), a joint initiative between the FDA, American Society of Nephrology, and leaders in academia, industry, and the kidney community. Previously, he was an entrepreneur-in-residence at Frazier Healthcare, a life science-focused venture capital firm, and founded Expedition Therapeutics, a search company focused on identifying and in-licensing assets in the kidney and autoimmune therapeutic areas. Dr. Polu has also served in executive and management level roles at Raptor Pharmaceuticals, CytomX Therapeutics, Affymax, and Amgen. Currently he serves as a Principal at Red Tree Venture Capital and is a Board Director at Frazier Life Sciences Acquisition Corp (NASDAQ:FLACU). Dr. Polu received his B.A. in Human Biology from Stanford University and M.D. from the University of Texas Health Science Center, San Antonio. He completed his residency at the University of Colorado followed by a clinical and research fellowship in nephrology at Harvard Medical School at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/Krishna-Polu-updated.jpg 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-21 08:00:42 2024-04-30 14:23:13 Krishna Polu, . MD . . . Michael Gallatin, . PhD . December 21, 2021 / in Advisors / by David Anderson Mike has been a member of the Frazier Life Sciences team since 2006 and brings over 35 years of experience as a scientist and executive to the team. He has co-founded multiple Frazier portfolio companies, including Mavupharma (acquired by AbbVie), Inipharm, Calistoga Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Gilead Sciences), and Stromedix (acquired by Biogen Idec). Mike served as President of Calistoga, which was the first company to demonstrate the clinical benefit of an isoform selective PI3K (idelalisib) inhibitor in hematologic malignancies. That drug, under the brand name Zydelig, received approvals from both the FDA and EMA in 2014 to treat chronic lymphocytic leukemia and follicular lymphoma. He currently serves on the board of directors of Inipharm, and on the Scientific Advisory Boards of Inipharm, Lassen Therapeutics, and Lengo Therapeutics.. Previously, Mike was one of the founding scientists at ICOS Corporation, where he served as VP and Scientific Director. Mike’s responsibilities at ICOS included discovery, preclinical research, medicinal chemistry, and process chemistry groups including those that helped generate and support the worldwide registration and launch of Cialis. Earlier, Mike developed expertise in the fields of immunology/inflammation and oncology while on the faculty at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center. Mike has also been a member of the Scientific Advisory Boards of the Keystone Symposia, Caprion, and the University of Texas Department of Chemistry.. Mike is currently a member of the Therapeutic Advisory Board for Frazier company AnaptysBio and the Board of Directors of EpiThany, Inc. He is also a member of the Scientific Advisory Board for Frazier company Lassen Therapeutics as well as OncoResponse. In addition, Mike serves on the Board of Directors for Life Science Washington. He was also a member of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Benaroya Research Institute.. Mike received his Ph.D. from the University of Alberta Department of Immunology. His doctoral research focused on genetic resistance to virally induced neoplastic disease and invasive mechanisms, including the first description of antigen gain associated with organ-specific tumor metastasis. While a Damon Runyon-Walter Winchell and American Cancer Society fellow at Stanford University in the lab of Irving Weissman, Mike discovered the first cell adhesion molecule implicated in site selective leukocyte traffic.. . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/Mike-Gallatin-updated.jpg 500 500 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2021-12-21 07:00:39 2024-04-30 14:23:25 Michael Gallatin, . PhD . . . . . . . . News. . . . . . Trestle Bio Announces Research Collaboration with Humacyte . March 6, 2025 / in News / by eallison SAN DIEGO [March 6, 2025] – Trestle Biotherapeutics, Inc., today announced a research collaboration with Humacyte, Inc. (Nasdaq: HUMA), a commercial-stage biotechnology platform company developing universally implantable, bioengineered human tissue at commercial scale.. Read more . . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/trestle-humacyte-logo.jpg 1000 1000 eallison /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png eallison 2025-03-06 04:45:51 2025-03-06 04:53:23 Trestle Bio Announces Research Collaboration with Humacyte . . . Trestle Biotherapeutics Wins Prestigious KidneyX Prize . June 9, 2023 / in News / by David Anderson SAN DIEGO [June 12, 2023] – Trestle Biotherapeutics today received a $1 million prize from the KidneyX Innovation Accelerator through the organization’s Artificial Kidney Prize program. Trestle is one of eight Artificial Kidney Prize Phase 2 winners announced today.. Read more . . . . . https://trestlebio.com/wp-content/uploads/trestle-kidneyx-logo.jpg 1000 1000 David Anderson /wp-content/uploads/trestle_logo_color.png David Anderson 2023-06-09 13:46:15 2025-03-05 17:26:44 Trestle Biotherapeutics Wins Prestigious KidneyX Prize . . More News . . . . . . . Publications. . . . Trestle Featured in TechCrunch Coverage of Top YC Biotech Companies . Mar 24, 2021 . Trestle Biotherapeutics highlighted by TechCrunch as one of top biotech companies at Y Combinator’s W21 Demo Day. Y Combinator’s Biotech Startups Incubate a New Generation of Therapies and Tools . . . . . Trestle Biotherapeutics Backed by Y Combinator . Jan 5, 2021 . Trestle Biotherapeutics is now backed by Y Combinator (YC), an elite start up accelerator that has launched more than 3000 companies, including Stripe, Airbnb, DoorDash, Coinbase, Instacart, Dropbox, Ginkgo Bioworks, and 64x Bio.. Trestle accepted YC’s invitation to join the Winter 2021 cohort, and will be working directly with YC Partners Jared Friedman, Surbhi Sarna, and Tim Brady.. “We are honored to be funded by YC and thrilled to be alongside others who look at a problem through bold lenses when building the right solutions. We are especially proud to be a part YC’s growing focus on supporting the next generation of healthcare and biotechnology companies,” said Ben Shepherd, CEO of Trestle.. The program initiates in January 2021. In addition to early financial investment from YC, Trestle will receive long term strategic support from YC partners and staff.. . . . . Trestle Founding Team Co-Authors Report Describing Benefits of 3D Bioprinting on Human Kidney Organoid Development . November 23, 2020 . Founding scientists of Trestle co-author report describing use of automated bioprinting to enable human kidney organoid generation with improved throughput, reproducibility, scale, and nephron development. This work represents an important step forward in the areas of kidney tissue engineering and regenerative medicine.. Lawlor, K.T., Vanslambrouck, J.M., Higgins, J.W. et al. Cellular extrusion bioprinting improves kidney organoid reproducibility and conformation . Nat. Mater. 20, 260–271 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-020-00853-9 . Highlighted In:. Humphreys, B.D. Bioprinting better kidney organoids . Nat. Mater. 20, 128–130 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-020-00881-5 . The promise of organoids and embryoids . Nat. Mater. 20, 121 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-021-00926-3 . . . . . Trestle Founding Team Co-Authors Report Describing Proof of Concept For Use of 3D Bioprinted Human Kidney Organoids in High Content Drug Screening . Dec 23, 2018 . Founding scientists of Trestle co-author report demonstrating proof-of-concept for automated production of human kidney organoids using a 3D bioprinter. This approach enables rapid generation of large numbers of kidney organoids for use in high content compound screening.. Higgins, J.W. et al. Bioprinted pluripotent stem cell-derived kidney organoids provide opportunities for high content screening . bioRxiv 505396 (2018).. doi: https://doi.org/10.1101/505396 . . . . . . . . . . . . INVESTORS & SUPPORTERS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CONTACT. . . . . Comments . This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.. . Name (Required) . . Email . . Subject (Required) . . Message (Required) . . . . Submit . . Trestle Biotherapeutics, 9276 Scranton Road San Diego, CA 92121. . . . . . . . . . Copyright 2026 © Trestle Biotherapeutics . . . Scroll to top .