https://www.scritchai.com

Scritch | AI Veterinary Receptionist . Open main menu . Features Testimonials About Us FAQs . . Backed by Y Combinator . AI Veterinary Receptionist. The all-in-one solution for client communication.. Learn more ↓ . . . . . Everything a remote receptionist can do. Meet Emily, your AI receptionist. Fully customized to your veterinary practice.. . . 24/7 Support. Answers calls 24/7 to ensure no call goes unanswered or put on hold. Can take multiple calls for your practice at the same time (up to thousands). Never calls out sick or goes on vacation. . Smart Call Routing. Promptly transfers to a human staff member when necessary or upon the caller's request. . Seamless Integrations. Integrates into your practice management system and phone system. Has real-time access to the schedule and patient records, and instantly recognizes clients by their phone number. . Appointment Management. Creates new client & patient records and schedules, reschedules, cancels, and confirms appointments directly in your practice management system. Fills in open appointment slots from after-hours cancellations. . Triage for Sick Patients. Assesses urgency by asking questions about symptoms, booking timely appointments when available, escalating urgent cases to staff, and providing nearby ER options after hours. . Medical Records Management. Sends medical records that have been signed off by the doctor to clients. Customized to meet state-specific compliance laws. Leaves tasks for your front desk when records are not yet signed off. . Prescription Management. Boosts pharmacy revenue by efficiently handling prescription requests. Leaves tasks for your front desk when no refills are available. . Practice FAQs. Answers questions about your practice such as hours, contact information, policies, services, pricing, and more — all fully optional and customized to your practice. . Patient-Specific Questions. Answers client questions about individual patients, including details of upcoming and past appointments, vaccination due dates, medications, fasting protocol, and more. . . . Testimonials. . . “ We are so glad we hired Emily [Scritch’s AI receptionist] as part of our CSR team! As a private practice, we take pride in building relationships with our clients and patients. Emily allows our CSRs to be fully present for clients who walk into the office, instead of being tied up on phone calls. She also helps our team take care of clients who call with urgent or complex needs, while she handles routine and time-consuming tasks like new client data entry—tasks that would otherwise create endless voicemails, frustrating both clients and staff alike. Since bringing Emily onto our CSR team, the number of calls that our human team needs to take has decreased by over 50%.. Given Emily's ability to use our phone system and PIMS just as a human CSR would, it allows us to feel like we have another human team member on staff. She not only interacts with clients by completing tasks like scheduling appointments and emailing medical records, but also leaves us messages and tasks requiring follow-up like prescription requests. We treat Emily like any other team member and include her in our 360 reviews that we perform at 3 and 12 months of employment.. Thanks to Emily working 24/7, clients feel relieved that they can call at 3am when their pet wakes them up vomiting, and Emily lets them know if we have an appointment that day and schedules it if so. She also allows us to fill any open spots from cancellations that happen after hours which really makes a difference to the bottom line. By the time we are back in the office, we are able to start the week with a full schedule and work through tasks that she has left for our staff.. . . Julio Lopez, DVM. Veterinarian & Owner, The Village Vet. Los Angeles, California. . . . . . . Julio Lopez, DVM. Veterinarian & Owner, The Village Vet. Los Angeles, California. . . “ Since bringing Emily [Scritch’s AI receptionist] onto our CSR team, the number of calls that our human team needs to take has decreased by over 50%. ”. . . Chelsie Roberge. Practice Manager, Prairie Animal Hospital. Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. . . “ What used to be a solid 4‑star experience is now a joyful 5‑plus–star service that we are truly proud of. ”. . . Nacho Jimenez. Hospital Administrator, Aloha Veterinary Hospital. Brea, California. . . “ The level of customer service that Claire and Rachel provide is truly exceptional. ”. . . Leah Gutierrez. Client Service Representative, Encino Veterinary Center. Los Angeles, California. . . “ Emily allows us to have more face time with the clients that come in. ”. . . . “ We are so glad we hired Emily [Scritch’s AI receptionist] as part of our CSR team! As a private practice, we take pride in building relationships with our clients and patients. Emily allows our CSRs to be fully present for clients who walk into the office, instead of being tied up on phone calls. She also helps our team take care of clients who call with urgent or complex needs, while she handles routine and time-consuming tasks like new client data entry—tasks that would otherwise create endless voicemails, frustrating both clients and staff alike. Since bringing Emily onto our CSR team, the number of calls that our human team needs to take has decreased by over 50%.. Given Emily's ability to use our phone system and PIMS just as a human CSR would, it allows us to feel like we have another human team member on staff. She not only interacts with clients by completing tasks like scheduling appointments and emailing medical records, but also leaves us messages and tasks requiring follow-up like prescription requests. We treat Emily like any other team member and include her in our 360 reviews that we perform at 3 and 12 months of employment.. Thanks to Emily working 24/7, clients feel relieved that they can call at 3am when their pet wakes them up vomiting, and Emily lets them know if we have an appointment that day and schedules it if so. She also allows us to fill any open spots from cancellations that happen after hours which really makes a difference to the bottom line. By the time we are back in the office, we are able to start the week with a full schedule and work through tasks that she has left for our staff.. . . Read more . Julio Lopez, DVM. Veterinarian & Owner, The Village Vet. Los Angeles, California. . . . . . . . . Julio Lopez . . Chelsie Roberge . . Nacho Jimenez . . Leah Gutierrez . . . . . About Us. Scritch is a Y Combinator-backed startup based in San Francisco. As pet owners who have experienced the challenges of navigating veterinary care for their 19-year-old and 14-year-old dogs, Claire Lee and Rachel Lee founded Scritch to improve the client experience and ease the load on veterinary teams. Claire and Rachel are sisters and Princeton and Cornell alums who built safety-critical AI & software at Tesla and Amazon. Today, they’re building the leading AI agents for veterinary medicine - solutions that genuinely serve the needs of practices and their clients.. As the pet-owning population grows, veterinary professionals are under more pressure than ever — facing high burnout rates, emotionally demanding work, and limited time to meet rising expectations. We’re building AI coworkers to support and augment this workforce — lightening their load, improving the client experience, and helping more pets get the care they need.. We're hiring! . . . . Frequently asked questions. What exactly does Emily do? Emily is an AI receptionist that answers calls 24/7 to manage appointments (schedule, reschedule, cancel, confirm), set up new client & new patient profiles, answer hospital-specific & patient-specific questions, send medical records, leave tasks for your team (related to prescription refills and other requests), and more. When needed, she seamlessly transfers callers to your front desk.. . How does Emily integrate with my practice? . What’s the onboarding process like? . . . . Footer. team@scritchai.com. . . LinkedIn X . © 2026 Scritch, Inc. All rights reserved.. . . . .