https://www.regentcraft.com/news/regent-viceroy-seaglider-worlds-first-human-crewed-seaglider-flight

The future of maritime mobility takes flight: REGENT announces world’s first human-crewed Seaglider flight | REGENT . . REGENT marks opening of world's first Seaglider Manufacturing Facility. Read Now. . . . . REGENT marks opening of world's first Seaglider Manufacturing Facility. . REGENT marks a major step toward full-scale Seaglider deliveries around the world through the opening of its manufacturing facility, less than a month after the first ground effect flight of its Viceroy Seaglider prototype.. Read Now . . . . . . . . . . Company Defense Seaglider Careers Newsroom Videos Contact . . . . . Press Release. Press Release. View All. . . . Video. . . The future of maritime mobility takes flight: REGENT announces world’s first human-crewed Seaglider flight . September 2, 2026. . . . . Author. . . . . . . View Posts . . Tags. . Seaglider. . . Company. . . Video. . . . . . . . Share. . . . . . . . . Related. . . . September 30, 2026. . Press Release. Press Release. View All. . . . . . REGENT marks opening of world's first Seaglider Manufacturing Facility with ribbon-cutting ceremony and flight demonstration. . . . . . . September 9, 2026. . Blog. Blog. View All. . . . . . Behind the scenes of Viceroy Seaglider first flight. . . . . . . September 9, 2026. . Blog. Blog. View All. . . . . . 3, 2, 1, Now! Watch the moment REGENT's Viceroy Seaglider prototype flew for the first time. . . . . . . . . . REGENT’s Viceroy Seaglider prototype has completed its first human-crewed flight, solidifying America’s leadership in ground-effect flight and marking a major step toward full-scale Seaglider deliveries around the world. . The Seaglider vessel is a hydrofoiling wing-in-ground effect craft that operates exclusively over water in three modes: floating on its hull, foiling on hydrofoils, and flying in ground effect within one wingspan of the water’s surface. . The milestone follows last week’s announcement of REGENT’s $240 million Series B funding round to scale manufacturing of its Viceroy and Squire Seaglider product lines. . Explore images and video here and learn more about Seaglider vessels by visiting REGENT’s website . . North Kingstown, R.I., September 2, 2026 — In a world-first, REGENT Craft's Seaglider™ vessel prototype, Viceroy, has successfully completed its first human-crewed flight, making it the largest-ever all-electric wing-in-ground effect (WIG) craft to fly with people on board. The flight marks the first time a wing-in-ground effect vessel has been engineered and readied for commercial and defense operation at scale — solidifying America’s leadership in ground effect flight and positioning REGENT as the pioneer of this transformative transportation technology. . The first flight took place at REGENT's headquarters on Narragansett Bay, R.I., with a crew of two captains aboard. The Seaglider flew a distance of 1,956 ft (596 m) at a height of 33 ft (10m) above the water for 30 seconds.. The Viceroy prototype flight test provides critical validation of the innovative technology and marks the start of the program's final stage of sea trials. The REGENT team spent the summer increasing the vessel's hydrofoiling speed in preparation for the flight, part of a comprehensive testing effort throughout 2026 spanning both on-water operations and simulation-based development. These efforts continue to refine vehicle performance, de-risk operations, and accelerate REGENT's readiness for commercial service and defense applications. REGENT has previously demonstrated flight of its uncrewed Squire Seaglider drone . . “This is the moment we have been envisioning and tirelessly pursuing for the past five and a half years: REGENT has successfully proven safe, efficient ground-effect flight,” said Billy Thalheimer, co-founder and CEO at REGENT. "The Viceroy Seaglider flight marks the start of a new era in mobility, unlocking opportunities across passenger travel, defense missions, and cargo transport. I’m so grateful to the amazing team who made history today. We’re now moving quickly toward production to deliver Seagliders to coastlines around the world.” "Completing this flight test validates years of rigorous engineering and operational work and gives us the confidence to move into full-rate production,” said Mike Klinker, co-founder and CTO at REGENT. “We showed today that flying a Seaglider is every bit as smooth and safe as we designed it to be. I can’t wait to get onboard and to share the experience with others as we make our vision for the future of maritime mobility a reality.” Seaglider Vessels, the Future of Maritime Mobility . Seaglider vessels are high-speed, hydrofoiling wing-in-ground effect (WIG) craft that combine the speed of an aircraft with the convenience of a boat. The vessel operates in three modes — float, foil, and fly — starting on its hull at low speed, transitioning to hydrofoils once clear of the dock, and then taking flight within one wingspan of the water's surface. . Hydrofoiling gives Seaglider wave tolerance and maneuverability in harbors and near coastlines. A triple-redundant digital control system manages stability autonomously, so even in flight, the captain drives the Seaglider like a boat: left, right, fast, and slow. The digital control system offers a level of safety and control that no WIG craft has achieved before it. . The Viceroy vessel will be able to fly at speeds up to 180 mph for up to 180 miles, and seat 12 passengers and two crew. Onboard, passengers can expect ample legroom, large windows, and a quiet ride — all while traveling faster than a ferry and skipping the delays of airport-style check-in. . REGENT's Seaglider vessels are captained by certified mariners and regulated in the U.S. by the U.S. Coast Guard and by maritime authorities in countries around the world. . Growing Global Demand Across Commercial and Defense . REGENT has a global order book spanning six continents with multiple years of manufacturing capacity booked. With 40% of the world's population living in coastal communities, Seagliders represent the future of coastal mobility, augmenting existing transportation networks and using existing port infrastructure to deliver innovative, high-speed, comfortable travel between coastal hubs. . Earlier this year, REGENT announced that The Twenty Five, a luxury coastal travel operator and membership platform, will be its first domestic delivery and U.S. launch partner for Seaglider operations in the Northeast and Southeast U.S., with an order for up to 60 Viceroy Seagliders. . As a dual-use company, REGENT also continues to build momentum in defense markets as it develops a full family of Seaglider systems for military missions, including contested logistics, MEDEVAC and CASEVAC, intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance (ISR) and launched effects. REGENT has a $15 million contract with the U.S. Marine Corps Warfighting Lab and a CRADA with U.S. Special Operations Command (USSOCOM), supporting innovation in agile, next-generation maritime mobility. . The company’s autonomous Seaglider drone, Squire, completed its first defense-specific wing-in-ground effect flight earlier this year, a milestone that proves the platform's autonomy systems and lays the groundwork for future defense and commercial applications. . Revitalizing American Manufacturing . In June, REGENT completed construction of the world's first Seaglider Manufacturing Facility, a 255,000-square-foot site at its Quonset, Rhode Island headquarters that is coming online this year as the global production hub for the company's order book. The facility will house structural assembly, wing and hydrofoil integration, battery and systems installation, and water-based testing, with direct waterfront access for sea trials and proximity to Rhode Island's maritime manufacturing workforce. . Built to scale in phases, the site will handle end-to-end production of the 12-passenger Viceroy vessel and the Squire drone, anchoring a domestic supply chain and reinforcing America's maritime manufacturing base. . REGENT will continue advancing the Viceroy Seaglider prototype through a rigorous flight testing campaign as it moves toward full-scale production and delivering Seagliders to commercial and military customers around the world. . About REGENT . REGENT is pioneering the future of maritime mobility through the development and manufacturing of Seaglider™ vessels, high-speed hydrofoiling wing-in-ground effect (WIG) craft that operate over the water within a wingspan of the surface, combining the speed of an aircraft with the convenience of a boat. A dual use company based in Rhode Island, U.S., REGENT has attracted growing military and commercial demand, including an expanded $15 million US Marine Corps contract for its Viceroy platform, rising interest in its autonomous Squire platform, and a global order book spanning six continents with multiple years of manufacturing capacity booked. REGENT has secured more than $340 million in funding commitments from investors including AE Ventures, Mare Liberum, Valor Equity Partners, Lockheed Martin, Japan Airlines, and Abu Dhabi’s Strategic Development Fund, with manufacturing financing from Erebor Bank.. REGENT Craft Press Team: regent@boldspace.com . . View External Link ➞ . . . . . . . . . . . . Thank you! Your email has been added!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.. . . Privacy Policy . Cookie Policy . FAQ Media Kit Back to Top . Copyright © 2026 REGENT Craft Inc. All rights reserved.. . . . .