https://alloy.app/company/index-raises-3m-seed-round

$3.5m Seed Round . . . Updates Guide Pricing Integrations Enterprise Contact . . . Updates Guide Pricing Integrations Enterprise Contact Sign in Start for free . Updates $3.5m Seed Round. . Simon Kubica · February 10, 2025 . . . As reported by Forbes today, Index just raised an A$3.5m seed round led by Blackbird and Bain Capital Ventures.. It's only been two months since our public launch – and the response has blown us away. We've now crossed thousands of companies on the pre-order list, with the best product leaders at companies like Ramp, Uniswap, Clerk, and Semgrep all in the queue.. It's time to scale up to meet the growing demand. We're raising this new round of funding to move even faster: starting today, Index is open to all in Early Access – no pre-order required.. The first tool for B2B Product Management. . Product leaders have long given up on legacy Product Management systems. Instead, today's workflows are stitched together across spreadsheets, whiteboards, and databases.. The problem? Lack of purpose-built tooling has led to fragmentation of feature requests, customer feedback falling through the cracks, and outdated plans that are disconnected from delivery.. We're building Index to solve this. Finally, product teams can feel confident they're setting the right direction, with a powerful planning tool for managing feature requests, connecting opportunities to revenue, and connecting natively to Linear for engineering execution.. Best of all, we're making this possible in a user experience centered around beautiful UI, lightning-fast performance, and real-time collaboration.. Partnering with world-class investors. We couldn't be more excited by the investors joining the round:. Blackbird has backed Australia's most iconic companies (like Canva and Dovetail) from the start. We're excited to partner with Niki Scevak and Max Meyer on the new home for Australia's brightest talent.. . Bain Capital Ventures joins to deepen our roots in SF, with experience helping launch tools like Docker, Clari, and Docusign. We can't wait to work with Aaref Hilaly and Rak Garg .. . BOND is participating with a portfolio that includes Wiz (the fastest-growing software company in history), Retool, and Ironclad.. . Y Combinator , and our partner Dalton Caldwell , have been with us since day one. We're proud to be in a legendary batch including Pylon and Resend, as well as a $100b+ community of iconic companies including Stripe, Dropbox, and Airbnb.. . Founders like Alex Zaccaria (founder of Linktree), Thomas Paul Mann (founder of Raycast), and Max Marchione (founder of Superpower) have also joined as angels.. . Ready for liftoff. . Index team members (L to R) Leo Denham, Christian Iacullo, Simon Kubica, Leosha Trushin . It's just the beginning for our journey to transform product planning. With this new funding, we'll be doubling down on our vision, bringing exciting new features to our customers, and broadening our integrations.. If you're interested in building Index with us (in-person in Sydney, Australia) please reach out to the founders ; we'd love to meet you.. If you're ready to take Index for a spin, early access is open to all and you can start now .. There's a lot more we'll be announcing soon, and we're excited to make 2025 our biggest year yet.. . . Read more. . . Simon Kubica . · Dec 8, 2025 . Alloy Wins 2025 Proddy Award for Top Prototyping Product. Alloy has been named the 2025 Proddy Award winner for Top Prototyping Product. The 9th annual Proddys focus on the AI tools product teams rely on daily, and we're humbled to be recognized in this grou.... . . . . . . Product. Guide . Integrations . Planning . Feedback . Extension . Pricing . . Updates. All . Launches . Company . Press . Library . . Company. Security & Data Protection . Careers . Contact us . LinkedIn . X (Twitter) . GitHub . Wellfound . . Tools. Website Cloner . Cloud Agents . ChatGPT Design . Image to HTML . Screenshot to Code . HTML to Design . Best AI Prototyping Tools . Vibe Design . . . .