https://www.valinktx.com/news-stories/press-release-rebrand-new-appointments-fundraise

Press Release: Rebrand, New Appointments & Fundraise | Valink . . Home Technology Pipeline Team Careers News Contact . . . . Press Release. Press Release. Press Release. Press Release: Rebrand, New Appointments & Fundraise. November 2, 2023. . ‍ 2 nd November 2023. Last updated: 10 th November 2023. . ‍. LiliumX unveils rebrand as Valink Therapeutics and appointment of new board and executives, after securing $7.8 million in investment . LiliumX, an innovative BioTech start-up focused on the development of next generation antibody-based therapeutics, has unveiled its new brand name, and welcomed three top industry leaders to the business, after securing $7.8 million in investment. . Established in 2021 by co-founders Arne Scheu and Irsyad Khairil, following their own research into “LEGO” protein technologies when studying at the University of Oxford, LiliumX was initially founded to develop a rapid modular platform that enables the fast and efficient construction of better antibody-based drugs, such as bispecific antibody-drug conjugates (bispecific ADCs). . Following the successful demonstration of its revolutionary approach, which proved its capability to slash the time required for generation of new drug candidates from months to a single day, the advanced BioTech start-up has secured nearly $8 million in investment to drive future innovation – with the seed round led by RV Invest and supporting investors including Hoxton Ventures, SynBioVen, Metaplanet, Acequia Capital, Magnet Ventures, Oxford Angel Fund and Y Combinator (W21). . As such, the company has now rebranded to Valink Therapeutics to represent its transition from a platform-building company to a therapeutics company, and announced plans to work closely with Pharma Partners and companies developing protein-based assets alike to drive the future of antibody-based therapeutics through its modular, Universal Assembly Platform™, aptly named: LiliumX™. . Fundamental to this progression will be newly appointed board members and business executives, comprising of new CSO, Jose Munoz-Olaya, whose experience in preclinical bispecific antibody discovery and development across F-Star, Adaptate and Takeda strengthen Valink’s’ drug discovery pipeline, Aleksei Zeifman, Board Member of lead investor RV Invest, and new Non-Executive Director, Alexey Lugovskoy, who has over 20 years of experience in drug discovery and early development, guiding multiple oncology, autoimmunity, and fibrosis programs into the clinic. As the CEO of Diagonal, EIR at Atlas Venture, and a Dragonfly, Morphic, Merrimack and Biogen veteran, Alex boasts a proven track record in integrating biology, clinical, regulatory and business insights. . Dr Arne Scheu, co-founder and CEO of Valink Therapeutics confirmed: . “Valink Therapeutics started with a vision to find drugs that were truly novel, combining features to build and screen drug candidates that could treat cancer in synergistic and even unexpected ways. We are now excited to release a modular platform that seamlessly combines multivalency, multispecificity, and drug-conjugation, while rebranding as Valink Therapeutics to signify the extension beyond bispecificity alone, by Val ency and Link ing of small molecules into antibody-drug conjugates. . . We are delighted to enter this next stage of development with the support of our investors, Innovate UK, and new appointments Alex Lugovskoy (NED) and Jose Munoz-Olaya (CSO).” Aleksei Zeifman added: . “Investment in Valink Therapeutics is a great step towards realization of our vision and strategy of improving patients’ lives through innovation, where its highly differentiated technology platform enables creation and screening of new complex biological drugs, at scale. We’re very excited to see further strengthening of the team with industry veteran Alex Lugovskoy joining the Board of directors and Jose Munoz-Olaya stepping in as a CSO concomitant to the financing round. We’re looking forward to creating new drugs together with the Valink team.” A recently established VC player, RV Invest is focused on supporting highly differentiated technical solutions that can become future standards of care.. Rob Kniaz , Co-Founder of Hoxton Ventures: . “I'm thrilled with the progress of the team so far and believe this will be a truly ground-breaking innovation in getting advanced drugs to market.” Headquartered in London, Valink Therapeutics is set to revolutionise antibody-based drug discovery, underpinned by its mission to improve patient outcomes through the development of its bispecific ADC in solid tumours and use of its unparalleled modular platform. . For more information, visit www.valinktx.com and see our press coverage at Health Tech World , New Business , Healthcare Newsdesk , and UK Technews. . . . . More News. . . . Press Release. Press Release. Press Release. Press Release: Valink Therapeutics and Nona Biosciences Form Strategic Alliance to Accelerate Novel Biologics Discovery. December 17, 2025. . . . . Press Release. Press Release. Press Release. Press Release: Valink Therapeutics Closes $11.8 Million Pre-A Financing Round to Advance Oncology Pipeline . October 20, 2025. . . . . Press Release. Press Release. Press Release. Press Release: ‍Valink Therapeutics Appoints Biopharmaceutical Veteran Martin D. Williams as Chair of the Board of Directors and Names Scientific Advisory Board. December 18, 2024. . . . . . Contact us. Thank you! Your submission has been received!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.. . . United States. Valink Therapeutics Inc. One Broadway, . Cambridge, . Massachusetts, . 02142. . United Kingdom. Valink Therapeutics Ltd. Imperial I-Hub, . 84 Wood Lane, . London, . W12 0BZ. . . . . . Home Technology Pipeline Team Careers News . Privacy Policy Baked by The Sourdough . . . . . . . .