https://www.statusai.com/press

Status • Press Press . . Press release | May 20 2026. With Status, people have created over 13 million AI-powered worlds and characters. . . . . . Status launch video 2026 Status surpassed one million users 19 days after launching last year, making it one of the fastest growing AI apps since ChatGPT’s debut. When Fai Nur, co-founder and CEO, and her team posted screenshots of early Status mockups on TikTok and went mega viral, the team knew they had something special. They grew up online and wanted to build something that captured the best parts of the early internet while also leveraging AI. Status is that product: a social simulations platform built for Gen Z that’s as intuitive as a social network and as immersive as the best games ever made.. On Status, users can create their own stories or step inside their favorite shows or books. They craft a persona, choose their first follower, and are immediately transported into a social network built around them. The app is driven by imagination—if you can dream it, there is endless playability and a million lives. Status is the only startup to have built AI architecture capable of powering immersive social worlds at scale, and one of the few treating the non-deterministic nature of LLMs as a feature rather than a flaw.. . . Image credits: Status 2026 When demand for Status exploded, the team had to rethink the app’s infrastructure and rebuild their AI stack from the ground up. They focused on the users and built player-driven feedback loops that informed the models what felt authentically in-character versus generic and flat. Because the experience is AI-driven, they also introduced specialized prompts to make different content types feel purposeful to their respective world and characters. These technical bets paid off. Status saw model costs decrease by 95% while daily gameplay increased to 35 minutes on average to over 90 minutes each day for power users.. Tens of millions of characters and worlds have already been created by Status users. The company’s commitment to building the most immersive fictional worlds has attracted studios, streamers, and brands who want to continuously engage their audiences. Every media company is desperately searching for ways to get consumers to live inside the worlds and characters they create, said Rich Greenfield, General Partner at LightShed Ventures. That form of deep immersion is how you build long-term IP franchises that outlast any single show or film. . With millions of users and millions of revenue, the team is just getting started. To support our mission, Status has raised over $17M in Seed and Series A funding backed by Abstract, General Catalyst, and Union Square Ventures, with participation from LightShed Ventures, Y Combinator, Creator Ventures, Parable, Zach Sims, Julie Young and others. The company has formed an elite team of consumer and AI builders led by co-founders Fai Nur, Amit Bhatnagar, and Pritesh Kadiwala in New York City.. . Other Sources. TechCrunch’s coverage of Status . CEO and co-founder Fai Nur’s interview on TBPN . . . . . . © 2026 Status. Terms Privacy Policy Guidelines . . . . . . .