https://www.promakhos.com

Promakhos Therapeutics About us Team News Contact us . . . . Creating transformative medicines for people with inflammatory diseases. . . At Promakhos, we utilize unique insights from patient samples to develop medicines that address the root cause of inflammatory diseases. Instead of blocking the immune system, our medicines aim to restore the natural ability of the body to manage inflammation and heal. . . Funded by:. . . Transforming inflammatory disease treatment. Though inflammation is normally a healthy part of the body’s response to injury or infection, some people experience a dysfunctional immune response. The resulting chronic inflammation can damage the body and lead to further disease. Current therapies for chronic inflammatory diseases such as Crohn’s disease, ankylosing spondylitis and psoriasis often work by suppressing the immune system, and treat symptoms rather than addressing the root causes of the disease. However, only 25% of patients benefit from these therapies long term. What if – instead of working against the immune system – we figured out how to restore its balance and function?. . Promakhos Therapeutics aims to do just this. Founded in the spring of 2021 and based in Boston, Massachusetts, we develop transformative therapies that restore the function of the immune system, allowing the body to control inflammation and heal.. . . Meet the team. We are entrepreneurs, scientists and drug discovery professionals.. . Bio. . . Katerina Chatzi, Ph.D.. Co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President. . Postdoc, Molecular and Cellular Biology . Harvard University. Postdoc, Biophysics . KU Leuven. ‍ PhD., Biochemistry and Microbiology. ‍ Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology. . . . Katerina Chatzi, Ph.D.. Co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President. Postdoc, Molecular and Cellular Biology . Harvard University. Postdoc, Biophysics . KU Leuven. ‍ PhD., Biochemistry and Microbiology. ‍ Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology. . . Katerina Chatzi is a co-founder and the Chief Executive Officer and President of Promakhos Therapeutics. Katerina is a distinguished scientist-entrepreneur with expertise in immunology, protein secretion, biochemistry, bacteriology, cell biology and business development. She has performed biomedical research for over 15 years across four different countries, uncovering fundamental principles underlying bacterial secretion, protein folding, antibiotic resistance, and cell cycle regulation.. Katerina’s scientific journey started at the University of Crete, where she studied mechanisms underlying tolerogenic immunosuppression during pregnancy in mice. She then received an Erasmus fellowship to study antibiotic resistance at Uppsala University in Sweden. Returning to Greece, she received the Excellent Academic Performance Award and started her Ph.D. training to study and reconstitute bacterial secretion systems. For her work, she was awarded the prestigious Heraclitus II fellowship from the National Strategic Innovation Program. Katerina then continued her research on bacterial secretion and protein folding as a Research fellow at the KU Leuven in Belgium.. Katerina arrived in the United States of America to work as a postdoctoral researcher at Harvard University. Recognizing her passion for translational research, she engaged in various business development programs across the Harvard and Massachusetts ecosystems. Through her exposure to different scientific fields as well as clinical and business environments, Katerina realized how her skills can help in the development of novel immunomodulatory therapeutics. She assembled a team and founded Promakhos Therapeutics to carry out her vision.. . . ╳ . . . . Bio. . . Jasper E. Neggers, Ph.D.. Co-Founder, Chief Scientific Officer and Secretary . . Postdoc, Medical Oncology . Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Postdoc, Target Identification & Validation . Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. PhD., Functional Genomics & Chemical Biology. ‍ KU Leuven. . . . Jasper E. Neggers, Ph.D.. Co-Founder, Chief Scientific Officer and Secretary . Postdoc, Medical Oncology . Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Postdoc, Target Identification & Validation . Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. PhD., Functional Genomics & Chemical Biology. ‍ KU Leuven. . . Jasper Edgar Neggers is a co-founder and the Chief Scientific Officer and Secretary of Promakhos Therapeutics. Jasper is an entrepreneurial, pioneering and innovative scientist with a background in microbiology, immunology, cell biology, target identification and validation, drug discovery and functional genomics. His commitment to entrepreneurship, scientific inquiry and translational research stems from his natural curiosity for biology and biotechnology, which manifested as he grew up in the Netherlands.. Jasper performed his Ph.D. studies at the Rega Institute for Medical Research at the KU Leuven, Belgium. He was among the first scientists to apply CRISPR/Cas to genetically engineer human cells. Jasper collaborated with Karyopharm Therapeutics to validate the mechanism of action of the now marketed anticancer drug Selinexor (XPOVIO®) and the clinical stage drug KPT-9274. In Belgium, Jasper also invented a CRISPR-based genetic screening approach for identification of the cellular target of new candidate drugs.. Jasper arrived in the USA as a postdoctoral fellow at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard to spearhead a team of researchers to identify and validate new therapeutic targets for cancer. He quickly distinguished himself and was awarded a Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation fellowship. As a fellow, Jasper developed an updated compendium of synthetic lethal interactions in cancer, helped identify new metabolic vulnerabilities in pancreatic cancer and continued developing new CRISPR/Cas applications. His work has nominated several new high-priority therapeutic targets for cancer and has led to the initiation of new drug discovery campaigns. As a rising scientific leader, Jasper was on his way to become an assistant professor after receiving the National Cancer Institute Pathway to Independence Award for Outstanding Early-Stage Postdoctoral Researchers. However, ultimately, Jasper wants his research to translate into patient impact and felt that an academic career would not provide the right environment to pursue his vision. So, he handed back his million-dollar grant money and joined Katerina to co-found Promakhos Therapeutics.. . . ╳ . . . . . . . . Advisors & collaborators. Bio. . . Joshua R. Korzenik, M.D.. Clinical & Scientific. . Associate Professor of Medicine . Harvard Medical School. ‍. Resnek Family Distinguished Chair in Gastroenterology and Hepatology . Brigham and Women's Hospital. Director of the Resnek Family Center for Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Research . Brigham and Women's Hospital. ‍ Founding Director of the Crohn's and Colitis Center . Brigham and Women's Hospital. . . . Joshua R. Korzenik, M.D.. Associate Professor of Medicine . Harvard Medical School. ‍. Resnek Family Distinguished Chair in Gastroenterology and Hepatology . Brigham and Women's Hospital. Director of the Resnek Family Center for Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Research . Brigham and Women's Hospital. ‍ Founding Director of the Crohn's and Colitis Center . Brigham and Women's Hospital. . . Dr. Korzenik is a specialist in Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Endoscopy that focuses on developing new therapies for inflammatory bowel disease and primary sclerosing cholangitis. He is also well recognized for his compassion and dedication to his patients and for his integrative team approach to patient care. He is an Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, the Founding Director of the Crohn's and Colitis Center at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital, the Director of the Resnek Family Center for Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Research at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital and the Resnek Family Distinguished Chair in Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital.. Dr. Korzenik has been involved in inflammatory bowel disease research and patient care for almost 25 years. His insights in Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis have opened new avenues of research and possible therapies, and he was among the first investigators to research the intestinal microbiome for clues about the role it may play in the development of inflammatory bowel disease as well as in its management through nutrition and therapeutics. Dr. Korzenik is an author of over 100 peer-reviewed articles and research papers and frequently speaks at professional meetings. He was named Humanitarian of the Year in 2013 by the New England Chapter of the Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation of America and was awarded the Torch of Friendship in 1999 by the Mid-America Chapter in St. Louis. Moreover, he has sequentially been selected as a Top Doctor by Boston Magazine in 2016, 2017, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023.. Dr. Korzenik has led and was involved in many major clinical trials of new therapies for inflammatory bowel disease. For example, he has initiated a different therapeutic approach to Crohn’s disease through a set of multi-center clinical studies utilizing granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) and granulocyte macrophagecolony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) as therapeutic agents. In addition, based on an understanding of ulcerative colitis as a vascular disease and under-appreciated properties of heparin, he has previously developed clinical trials using heparin for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. His research has also focused on uncovering better biomarkers that can guide drug development and determine which interventions tested in clinical trials may be most effective and on understanding what initiates and perpetuates inflammation.. . ╳ . . . . . Bio. . . Séverine Vermeire, M.D., Ph.D.. Clinical & Scientific. . President Elect. KU Leuven ‍. ‍. Professor of Medicine . KU Leuven. ‍. Research Director of Biomedical Sciences . KU Leuven. . . . Séverine Vermeire, M.D., Ph.D.. President Elect. KU Leuven ‍. ‍. Professor of Medicine . KU Leuven. ‍. Research Director of Biomedical Sciences . KU Leuven. . . Prof. Dr. Séverine Vermeire obtained her MD from KU Leuven in 1995 and a PhD at the same University in 2001. She further trained at the Universidad Nacional de Asuncion, Paraguay (1993), at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics in Oxford, UK (1997-1998) and at the Montreal General Hospital McGill University Canada in 2000–2001. She is staff member at the Gastroenterology & Hepatology Department of the University Hospital Leuven and Full Professor of Medicine at the KU Leuven. Since 2021, she is Research Director of Biomedical Sciences at KU Leuven. . Prof. Vermeire is actively involved as principle investigator in RCTs with new therapeutic compounds and has been lead investigator on several of these programs. Her scientific work resulted in more than 600 peer-reviewed articles and focuses on the role of the microbiome and genetic susceptibility in IBD and on identifying prognostic and predictive signatures of treatment response. She participated in the International iCHOM consortium on development of Patient-Centered Outcomes for Inflammatory Bowel Disease. . She was awarded an Advanced H2020-European Research Council (ERC) Grant (2016-2022) and was President of the European Crohn’s and Colitis Organisation (ECCO) from 2014-2016 and of the Belgian IBD Research & Development (BIRD) Group from 2011-2013.. . ╳ . . . . . Bio. . . Juan Patarroyo, B.Sc.. Research & Development. . Mentor/Advisor . UF Innovate. Director, Science Operations & Strategy . Lab Central. . . . Juan Patarroyo, B.Sc.. Mentor/Advisor . UF Innovate. Director, Science Operations & Strategy . Lab Central. . . Juan Patarroyo is an experienced biomedical scientist and life sciences operations expert with over 25 years of experience in immunology/microbiology, with specific expertise on mucosal immunology and the microbiome. He is fascinated by the interplay between the immune system (and in extension the body) and the commensal microbes and their associated (by)products. By understanding and leveraging this interplay, he strongly believes that we can develop meaningful and safe immunomodulatory drugs to treat and cure disease.. Juan has designed, executed, and supervised a large range of in vitro and in vivo studies to evaluate immune signaling and candidate molecules for go/no-go drug development decisions within pharma (Novartis, Pfizer, Vedanta Biosciences) and academia (UCSF). He has built and managed R&D labs of newly formed biotechnology companies (Vedanta, Commence) and advised life sciences companies on science strategy and operations at LabCentral. His work has directly contributed to the advancement of several drug candidates to preclinical testing and of VE303 (Vedanta) to the clinic. Most recently, Juan was a Principal Scientist at the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research and established a discovery platform harnessing the gastrointestinal microbiome to identify next-generation small molecules for autoimmune and allergic conditions, with a focus on discovering therapeutics that promote wound healing and epithelial barrier function in inflammatory bowel disease. . Early on, Juan has helped shaped our understanding of the role of major histocompatibility (MHC) class II restricted antigen processing and presentation in the central nervous system and in the role played by myelin-specific antibodies in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE), a model of multiple sclerosis. He has also been involved in studies characterizing the mechanism and protective effect of glatirameracetate (Copaxone), atorvastatin (Lipitor) and anti-CD20 antibody (Rituxan) in CNS autoimmune disease. Juan then joined the multiple sclerosis group at Pfizer to support the discovery and development of new drugs. There, he evaluated new anti-inflammatory biologics and small molecules. As the role of the microbiome in human health became established, he led evaluated natural ligand derivatives for their ability to promote immunotolerance and mucosal repair in inflammatory bowel disease.. . ╳ . . . . . Bio. . . Tomi K. Sawyer, Ph.D.. Drug Discovery & Development. . Chief Drug Hunter & President . Maestro Therapeutics. ‍. ‍ Adjunct Professor, Center for Drug Discovery . Northeastern University. . ‍ Adjunct Professor, Departments of Chemistry, Biochemistry & Molecular Biology . University of Massachusetts Amherst. . . . Tomi K. Sawyer, Ph.D.. Chief Drug Hunter & President . Maestro Therapeutics. ‍. ‍ Adjunct Professor, Center for Drug Discovery . Northeastern University. . ‍ Adjunct Professor, Departments of Chemistry, Biochemistry & Molecular Biology . University of Massachusetts Amherst. . . Tomi Sawyer serves as a drug discovery and development consultant. Tomi is an accomplished and entrepreneurial drug hunter, medicinal chemist and chemical biologist with a track record of developing both peptide and small molecule drugs. Tomi has over four decades of industrial experience in both pharma and biotech and is well known for his contributions to GPCR, kinase, protease and protein-protein interaction drug discovery. He is the inventor of the marketed drugs Afamelanotide (Scenesse®, Clinuvel) and Ponatinib (Iclusig®, Ariad Pharmaceuticals [now Takeda]) and is credited with over 600 scientific publications, patents, and presentations.. Tomi is currently the Chief Drug Hunter and President of Maestro Therapeutics, a consulting/advisory enterprise that supports peptide drug discovery in academia, biotech and pharma. Tomi Sawyer has recently retired from his position as Distinguished Scientist, Global Chemistry at Merck Research Laboratories. In this role, he provided leadership to the Peptide Drug Hunter Network and several peptide R&D programs as well as innovative core capabilities and knowledge engine. He previously also served as the Chief Scientific Officer of Aileron, Senior Vice President, Drug Discovery at Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Senior Director, Chemical Sciences at Pfizer and was a past President of the American Peptide Society.. Tomi is an Adjunct Professor at the University of Massachusetts and the Northeastern University Center for Drug Discovery. In addition, he is a Distinguished Alumni Entrepreneur from his undergraduate alma mater , Minnesota State University at Moorhead, and previously served as a member of the MSUM Alumni Foundation Board of Directors. At his graduate alma mater , the University of Arizona, Tomi is a Distinguished Alumni Entrepreneur and has received a Professional Achievement Award from the Department of Chemistry & Biochemistry and the College of Science. . . ╳ . . . . . Bio. . . Gavin Hirst, Ph.D.. Medicinal Chemistry & Drug Development. . President . Gavin Hirst Entreprises LLC. . . . Gavin Hirst, Ph.D.. President . Gavin Hirst Entreprises LLC. . . Dr. Gavin Hirst is a seasoned drug discover and executive leader with more than 30 years of experience in small molecule drug discovery across five therapeutic areas, with a strong focus in immunology and oncology. His career spans more than 50 drug discovery programs, leading to the advancement of over 10 molecules into clinical trials and the co-invention of Vabomere, an FDA-approved treatment for complicated urinary tract infections. Dr. Hirst has a sustained record of optimizing drug-like properties integrating both traditional and collaborative AI approaches to deliver high-quality development candidates and INDs in both global pharmaceutical companies and emerging biotechnology ventures.. Most recently, Dr. Hirst served as Chief Scientific Officer at Atomwise Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering AI/ML-driven drug discovery. In this role, he provided scientific leadership and strategic direction, integrating cutting-edge artificial intelligence with real-world drug discovery to shape and advance a robust portfolio in Immunology and Oncology. . ‍. Previously Gavin served as Interim Chief Scientific Officer and Senior Vice President of Chemistry at the precision oncology company Turning Point Therapeutics, which was acquired in 2022 by Bristol Myers Squibb for $4.1 billion. During earlier work as Senior Director of Medicinal Chemistry at Johnson & Johnson, Gavin oversaw a broad portfolio of small-molecule programs targeting a diverse set of autoimmune diseases,including inflammatory bowel disease and psoriasis. He chaired the Global Medicinal Chemistry Council and was the global chemistry representative for the cheminformatics steering committee. Dr. Hirst guided his teams to deliver a number of clinical-stage assets, such as the GI-restricted Pan-JAK family selective inhibitor Lorpucitinib, that moved into clinical development for the treatment of familial adenomatous polyposis, a form of colorectal cancer.. . Prior to Turning Point, Gavin was Vice President of Discovery Research at Takeda California, directing immunology, oncology, and metabolic diseases portfolios. His teams delivered multiple compounds to clinical studies, most notably mivavotoinib, a dual SYK/FLT3 inhibitor that advanced to phase II for DLBCL and other non-Hodgkin’s lymphomas. Gavin’s earlier roles include VP of Medicinal Chemistry at Mpex pharmaceuticals, Senior Director of Medicinal Chemistry as SGX pharmaceuticals and Associated director of Medicinal Chemistry at Abbvie. . Gavin obtained his Ph.D in Synthetic Organic Chemistry from the University of Southampton, UK and continued his fascination with Organic Chemistry as a postdoctoral scientist at the University of California, Irvine with Prof. Larry Overman. Gavin has authored >100 scientific publications, presentations, patents and patent applications.. . ╳ . . . . . Bio. . . Caroline Kurtz, Ph.D.. Drug Development. . CSO Partner. Lightship Scientific Consulting. Chief Development Officer. ‍ Synlogic Inc.. ‍ PhD., Immunology. ‍ Harvard University. . . . Caroline Kurtz, Ph.D.. CSO Partner. Lightship Scientific Consulting. Chief Development Officer. ‍ Synlogic Inc.. ‍ PhD., Immunology. ‍ Harvard University. . . Caroline Kurtz, Ph. D, provides scientific and strategic guidance for drug development stage programs grounded in over 29 years of experience developing unique products for patients with metabolic and gastrointestinal diseases. Dr. Kurtz’s direct experience includes leadership in preclinical, clinical development and regulatory affairs for products in the stages of lead identification through marketing authorization. She brings specific expertise in developing novel therapeutic platforms, operating through local delivery in the GI tract, and rare disease drug development. In addition, throughout her career Dr. Kurtz has been a leader in the establishment of strong cross-functional and cross-company collaborations and teams.. Prior to joining Lightship Scientific Consulting, Dr. Kurtz was Chief Development Officer at Synlogic Inc, a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered living cell therapies for the treatment of rare metabolic and immune-mediated diseases. At Synlogic, Dr. Kurtz oversaw translational research and development activities for discovery and clinical stage programs for inflammatory bowel disease, oncology and rare metabolic diseases, including advancing into Phase 3 the investigational product SYNB1934 for phenylketonuria. Prior to Synlogic, Caroline served as Vice President and Program Lead at Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, bringing the novel peptide drug linaclotide, (LINZESS®), from preclinical development through commercialization for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome and chronic constipation. LINZESS is now one of the most highly prescribed products for patients with irritable bowel syndrome. Dr. Kurtz also worked at GelTex/Genzyme, overseeing the discovery and development of polymers for the treatment of infectious diseases, including leading a clinical stage program for the treatment of C. difficile colitis.. Her early scientific training was in the fields of immunology, virology, and autoimmune demyelinating diseases. Dr. Kurtz holds a Ph.D. in Immunology from Harvard University, and a BSc (summa cum laude) in Biochemistry from the University of New Hampshire.. . ╳ . . . . . Bio. . . Mary Christian, PharmD., MBA. Regulatory Expert. . Senior Vice President, Regulatory . C4 Therapeutics. . . . Mary Christian, PharmD., MBA. Senior Vice President, Regulatory . C4 Therapeutics. . . Dr. Christian is a pharmaceutical and biotech executive with more than 20 years of regulatory and drug development experience across pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. She has created high functioning, fit-for-purpose teams for emerging biotech, envisioned and built new capabilities in large pharma (e.g. Bristol-Myers Squibb Oncology Strategic Collaborations, leading to success in >$50M in development partnerships), and led R&D efforts across a variety of therapeutic areas including, but not limited to, CNS, immunology, and immuno-oncology in all phases of development. . Dr. Christian serves as the Senior Vice President of Regulatory at C4 Therapeutics, a clinical stage biotech developing a pipeline of targeted protein degraders for oncology. Besides her role at C4, Dr. Christian also serves as a scientific advisor to several emerging biotech companies and lectures at MIT on Regulatory Strategies for developing drugs and devices. . Prior to C4, Dr. Christian was the Senior Vice President of Regulatory, Quality and Compliance at Lyndra Therapeutics, a rapidly growing clinical stage biotech whose mission is to reinvent medicine for a healthier world. She was also a founding member of Cyclerion Therapeutics, a spinout of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals focused on serious and orphan diseases, where she led Regulatory, Quality and Pharmacovigilance. Before her role at Cyclerion, Dr. Christian was Vice President of Global Regulatory Affairs at Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, where she transformed the regulatory organization, successfully negotiated approval of a stalled marketing application for Linzess® in China, advanced rare disease assets into Phase 1 and 2 and built organization models that enabled the spinoff of various assets. . Prior to joining the world of biotech in Boston, Dr. Christian created and led successful and innovative teams at Bristol-Myers Squibb by identifying novel ways to accelerate research and the delivery of medicines to patients globally. Dr. Christian also held roles of increasing responsibility in Global Regulatory Affairs at Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research & Development (now Janssen Pharmaceutica) across several therapeutic areas.. . ╳ . . . . . . . . . News. September 22, 2026. Promakhos Therapeutics' CEO Katerina Chatzi Interviewed by Stuart Paap's Beyond The Lab Podcast series. . News. September 22, 2026. •. Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Promakhos Therapeutics' CEO Katerina Chatzi Interviewed by Stuart Paap's Beyond The Lab Podcast series. Our CEO, Katerina Chatzi, Ph.D., was recently interviewed by Stuart Paap in his inaugural episode for the Beyond the Lab Podcast series.. In the podcast, Katerina explains the origins of the company and how we believe our approach can lead to paradigm shifting outcomes for patients with inflammatory diseases.. Check out the interview here! ‍. . . ╳ . . . . May 6, 2026. Promakhos Therapeutics wins the Harvard President's Innovation Challenge for Alumni & Affiliates in Life Sciences. . News. May 6, 2026. •. Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Promakhos Therapeutics wins the Harvard President's Innovation Challenge for Alumni & Affiliates in Life Sciences. We are excited to announce that Promakhos Therapeutics won the Harvard PIC ( President's Innovation Challenge ) for Alumni & Affiliates in Life Sciences this spring ($75K). Winning is an encouragement to keep going. It's support. It's recognition of hard work. But there is something about this competition that holds a special place in our heart.. . We are developing a non-immunosuppressive treatment for inflammatory diseases, one that holds the promise of breaking the efficacy ceiling and of potentially reversing the disease. We view the disease as a failure of the immune system to activate properly, essentially counter-positioning to the standard of care.. . It takes courage to endorse approaches like ours. The potentially risky ones. Sometimes, the default is the safer bet. . . This time, it wasn't.. . Thank you, Harvard University, for your commitment to supporting the unconventional.. Thank you, judges, for your courage. . Thank you, Harvard Innovation Labs, for running this seamlessly and for helping us communicate our message.. . This is an endorsement to think differently. To not accept disease as incurable. To improve human health beyond what is thought to be possible. . Our promise to everyone who has supported us: We'll keep going at full speed. We'll not look back. We'll not fear the obstacles.. ‍. . . ╳ . . . . June 2, 2025. Promakhos Therapeutics is a featured innovator at the RESI Boston 2025 Seed to Exit conference in June. . News. June 2, 2025. •. Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Promakhos Therapeutics is a featured innovator at the RESI Boston 2025 Seed to Exit conference in June. The RESI Boston 2025 Seed to Exit conference has selected Promakhos Therapeutics as one of it's featured start-up innovators. . Our CEO, Katerina Chatzi, will be present at the RESI 2025 conference in Boston on Monday June 16th, 2025 7:00 AM - 4:00 PM and will be open for inquiries by potential partners and investors through the RESI platform from June 16 to 19.. We look forward to seeing you, or hearing from you, there!. ‍. . . ╳ . . . . May 20, 2025. Promakhos Therapeutics selected to present at the BIO 2025 Start-Up Stadium in Boston this June. . News. May 20, 2025. •. Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Promakhos Therapeutics selected to present at the BIO 2025 Start-Up Stadium in Boston this June. Promakhos Therapeutics is pleased to announce that the company has been selected to present at the Start-Up Stadium of the 2025 BIO International convention . . Our CEO, Katerina Chatzi, will showcase and present our mission and vision on stage at the BIO 2025 Start-Up Stadium in Boston on Tuesday June 17th, 2025 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM. . We look forward to seeing you there!. ‍. . . ╳ . . . . February 10, 2025. Listen to our latest interview by the Propel a Cure for Crohn's disease foundation. . News. February 10, 2025. •. Charlottesville, Virginia. •. Press Release. . Listen to our latest interview by the Propel a Cure for Crohn's disease foundation. We are honored to have received the 2024 research award and support of Propel a Cure for Crohn's disease. In a new interview, we had the honor of sitting down with Annabelle and Angela of Propel a Cure to share our latest results and discuss the work we’re doing. We want to extend our gratitude to the donors who support us and the foundation. Your contributions are making a difference and are the driving force behind the hope we are working to create.. Propel a Cure is an all-volunteer nonprofit organization that focuses on the needs of Crohn's patients, their families, friends, and caregivers. You can read more about their work here .. ‍. . . ╳ . . . . October 31, 2024. Join Promakhos Therapeutics and our CEO Katerina Chatzi at the MassNextGen 2024 showcase event!. . News. October 31, 2024. •. Allston, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Join Promakhos Therapeutics and our CEO Katerina Chatzi at the MassNextGen 2024 showcase event!. On Wednesday, November 6, 2024, our CEO Katerina Chatzi will present Promakhos Therapeutics at the MassNextGen 2024 Showcase event in Boston, Massachusetts. Register here . We look forward to seeing you there!. This showcase event is organized by the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center to highlight award-winning and leading life sciences start-up companies in Massachusetts. This year, Katerina Chatzi of Promakhos Therapeutics won the Massachusetts Next Generation (MassNextGen) Initiative award. After a competitive process, Promakhos and four other women-led companies from Massachusetts were selected for this award, which includes ~$100K funding for the company, other in-kind services and access to a network of seasoned professionals from the life sciences ecosystem.. We are very grateful to be able to grow our company in a state that supports entrepreneurship and under-represented founders!. For more information on the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center please visit here . ‍ ‍. ‍. . . ╳ . . . . February 19, 2024. Promakhos Therapeutics awarded the Propel a Cure for Crohn's disease 2024 research award. . News. February 19, 2024. •. Allston, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Promakhos Therapeutics awarded the Propel a Cure for Crohn's disease 2024 research award. Promakhos Therapeutics is incredibly honored to share that the company has been awarded the Propel a Cure for Crohn's Disease research award for 2024! . ‍. Propel a Cure is an all-volunteer nonprofit organization that focuses on the needs of Crohn's patients, their families, friends, and caregivers. This year, the organization raised funds and utilized its expert scientific advisory board to select a pioneering research team to support their research to identify the underlying cause or causes of Crohn’s disease and the development of a cure. The $100,000 award was awarded to a single team after a competitive review process of several applications submitted in December 2023.. Promakhos Therapeutics is humbled to have been awarded this project grant, as the Propel a Cure organization strives to change the status quo and deliver patient impact. As it is also run by Crohn's patients or their family or friends with close experience with this debilitating disease, it means a lot to us! Stay tuned to hear about our progress in the next 1~1.5 years.. . . ╳ . . . . January 24, 2024. Promakhos Therapeutics' Katerina Chatzi wins this year's MassNextGen award from the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center . . News. January 24, 2024. •. Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Promakhos Therapeutics' Katerina Chatzi wins this year's MassNextGen award from the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center . This is an announcement supporting the original article published by the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center on January 24, 2024. We are very honored to announce that Promakhos Therapeutics' Katerina Chatzi, PhD won this year’s Massachusetts Next Generation (MassNextGen) Initiative award from the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center (MLSC). After a competitive process, Promakhos and four other women-led companies from Massachusetts were selected for this award, which includes ~$100K funding for the company, other in-kind services and access to a network of seasoned professionals from the life sciences ecosystem.. On Wednesday, Massachusetts Secretary of Economic Development Yvonne Hao joined the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center at Takeda in Cambridge to announce the awardees of the Massachusetts Next Generation (MassNextGen) Initiative. We are very grateful to be able to grow our company in a state that supports entrepreneurship and under-represented founders!. For more information on the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center please visit here . ‍ ‍. . . ╳ . . . . November 3, 2023. Read the new interview of Katerina Chatzi, Promakhos Therapeutics' CEO and founder, by Alex Alexakis of Startup Pirate!. . News. November 3, 2023. •. Athens, Greece. •. Thought Leadership. . Read the new interview of Katerina Chatzi, Promakhos Therapeutics' CEO and founder, by Alex Alexakis of Startup Pirate!. ‍ This is a news announcement supporting the original article published by the Startup Pirate on November 3, 2023. Some of the most challenging diseases of our time — atherosclerotic, neurodegenerative, metabolic, autoimmune diseases, etc. — may ride the same steed: inflammation. Inflammation, by definition, should be good. It is the way our body heals itself after injury. But chronic, unchecked, continually ramped-up inflammation leads to the opposite: chronic disorders in many forms.. Today, Alex Alexakis of Startup Pirate interviewed our CEO and founder Katerina Chatzi, PhD . He asked all the right questions about inflammatory diseases and allowed Katerina to provide some context! Check out the interview to learn about:. ‍ How inflammation becomes chronic and why inflammatory diseases are prevalent in our societies nowadays . Redefining how inflammatory diseases are cured by activating the immune system . The process from molecule design to developing new therapies . Challenges building a biotech startup . . . ╳ . . . . September 1, 2023. Promakhos Therapeutics receives $272K NIH Phase 1 SBIR grant to develop new oral immunomodulating therapy for Crohn's disease. . News. September 1, 2023. •. Allston, Massachusetts, United States of America. •. Announcement. . Promakhos Therapeutics receives $272K NIH Phase 1 SBIR grant to develop new oral immunomodulating therapy for Crohn's disease. Promakhos Therapeutics is proud to announce the receipt of a Phase 1 Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Grant from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK). This SBIR grant (1R43DK135153-01) provides $271,865 to support the preclinical development and validation of Promakhos' oral drug candidate for treating Crohn's disease. This candidate is designed to restore intestinal innate immune function and wound healing to resolve bowel inflammation without suppressing the immune system.. . . . ╳ . . . . . Next. 1 / 3. . . . . . Contact us. founders@promakhos.com Pagliuca Harvard Life Lab. 127 Western Avenue, Allston, MA 02134-1008. United States of America. . . . © 2021-2026 Promakhos Therapeutics, Inc. All rights reserved.. .