https://velt.dev/blog/making-the-internet-more-collaborative

Making the internet more collaborative | Velt . Products Primitives. Comments Approval flows Beta Review agents Suggestions Beta Audit trail Memory Beta Notifications . Collaboration. Presence Live cursors Live selection Follow mode . . Multiplayer editing CRDT Single editor mode Live state sync . . Recording Video editor . . Huddle . Platform. Self-hosting Admin console Dev tools Webhooks & API Integrations . . . Solutions By industry. Sales enablement Fintech & FP&A Operations AI-native SaaS Compliance Legal . . . Resources Use cases. Video editor Form builder Analytics Task manager Sheets Session replay All use cases . Libraries. Lexical Tiptap YJS BlockNote CodeMirror React Flow All libraries . More. Examples Customization Compare Customers Blog Enterprise Launch kit Migrate from Liveblocks Migrate from Cord . . . Pricing Docs Sign in Get Free API Key . . . Products. Primitives. Comments Approval flows Beta Review agents Suggestions Beta Audit trail Memory Beta Notifications . Collaboration. Presence Live cursors Live selection Follow mode . . Multiplayer editing CRDT Single editor mode Live state sync . . Recording Video editor . . Huddle . Platform. Self-hosting Admin console Dev tools Webhooks & API Integrations . . Solutions. By industry. Sales enablement Fintech & FP&A Operations AI-native SaaS Compliance Legal . . Resources. Use cases. Video editor Form builder Analytics Task manager Sheets Session replay All use cases . Libraries. Lexical Tiptap YJS BlockNote CodeMirror React Flow All libraries . More. Examples Customization Compare Customers Blog Enterprise Launch kit Migrate from Liveblocks Migrate from Cord . . More. Pricing Docs . Sign in Get Free API Key . . . ← All posts Making the internet more collaborative. Velt raises $2.77M seed round backed by Y Combinator to make the internet collaborative. Learn how our SDK helps developers add collaboration features in under 1 hour. November 2025. RG Rakesh Goyal December 1, 2023 . . . I’m super excited to announce that we had raised a $2.77M seed round to accelerate our mission to make the internet more collaborative. We are backed by Y Combinator, Spider Capital, Amino Capital, First Row Partners and angel investors from Google, Stripe, SAP and more.. Today we’re all using online platforms more than ever before - building, researching, learning, connecting etc. And we're not doing it alone. We're doing it together with other people and machines, turning the internet into the world's biggest team.. Yet, our online tools are not built for collaboration. We saw a shift when platforms like Figma and Google Docs brought a multiplayer approach, breaking down walls and inspiring seamless teamwork.. Today 99% of products are not collaborative. Their end users are taking screenshots or looms from these products and posting it on 3rd party platforms like Slack to continue the discussion there. These apps are losing massive amounts of engagement and at the same time their users are wasting almost half of their time doing this back & forth.. So why aren’t all developers building collaboration features to their apps?. Building collaborative experiences requires significant ongoing product, design & engineering effort. It requires a specific kind of backend infra and a specific kind of frontend architecture. Historically, only giant companies like Google or Figma could afford these. For most developers this is not their core.. For building scalable and robust collaboration you need three things: backend infra, API layer and beautiful experiences that are built on these two.. Most players provide backend infra or the API layer or just half baked features. They take a very heavy handed approach to solving the problem. We just focused on the jobs to be done for the app developers.They just want the best in class collaboration experience in their products. This is exactly what we provide.. We abstract out all these layers and provide beautiful, prebuilt, fully functional features as components that developers can just add to their products and customize the UI and behavior to fit their brand and users’ needs. It's like Apple devices - they are powerful and beautiful on the outside and have tons of complexity behind the scenes.. On average it takes developers < 1hr to integrate with Velt and add collaboration features to their product.. We are very proud to see that our hard work in the past two years has resulted in other players adopting our model to solve the problem.. We enable developers to add powerful collaboration features, ridiculously fast!. At Velt, we're on a mission to infuse the magic of collaboration into the fabric of the web—one app at a time. We aim to erase the lines between online and offline co-working, crafting an environment where distance is irrelevant, and 'flow' is the norm.. We’ve launched two products:. 1. Velt SDK : This enables any developer to add AI powered collaboration features to their product ridiculously fast. We’ve distilled the best collaboration features of Figma, Google Docs, Loom, Slack into modular components that other developers can add to their own product. These are robust, scalable and adaptable to any web app.. Some popular features are: Figma-style comments, Loom-style recording, Slack-style huddle, Webflow-style single editor mode and more.. Some popular categories of apps that use us: Creative tools: Video editing, website builders, where users want to review and collaborate on the designs, videos etc; Analytics tools: Users want to discuss data together; Project management tools: Users want to discuss progress, provide more insights on tasks inside the app itself and many more.. What Stripe to Payments, Velt SDK is doing that to Collaboration.. . . . Embeddable review and approval for AI-native apps. Agents do the work, humans decide.. . . PRIMITIVES. Comments Approval flows Review agents Suggestions Audit trail Memory Notifications . . COLLABORATION. Presence Multiplayer editing Huddle Recording Self-hosting Live cursors Single editor mode Video editor . . SOLUTIONS. Sales enablement Fintech & FP&A Operations AI-native SaaS Compliance Legal . . RESOURCES. Docs Examples Customization Pricing Customers Blog Enterprise Comparison Status . . . LIBRARIES. TEXT & CODE EDITORS. Tiptap Lexical Slate PlateJS CodeMirror Ace Editor Quill Draft.js BlockNote TinyMCE Monaco ProseMirror CKEditor . . . DOCUMENTS & PDF. Apryse Nutrient SuperDoc . . DIAGRAMS & CANVAS. React Flow Konva . . . GRIDS & TABLES. SpreadJS AG Grid TanStack Table . . CHARTS & DATA VIZ. Chart.js Highcharts Nivo . . . . © 2026 Velt, Inc. Privacy Terms . . . .