https://www.scouthealth.com/press/carb-x-funding

Scout Secures $6M CARB-X Award to Advance Rapid Molecular Diagnostic | Scout . Join Waitlist . . Media Release . CARB-X Awards Scout $6 Million in Additional Funding to Finalize Development of STI Scout Rapid Molecular Test. Investment advances STI Scout into formal verification and validation and supports assessment of LMIC deployment. December 3rd, 2025 . Santa Clara, CA . . . . . . CARB-X will award up to US$6 million to Scout to finalize development of STI Scout, an affordable rapid molecular diagnostic for Neisseria gonorrhoeae (Ng) and Chlamydia trachomatis (Ct) designed for both point-of-care (POC) and over-the-counter (OTC) use. This award expands on CARB-X's initial 2024 investment and will advance the product into verification and validation.. Scout's platform leverages a proprietary molecular chemistry which enables rapid detection of multiple pathogens in a single tube. This results in a test platform with orders-of-magnitude lower cost than commercially available clinical solutions while maintaining a sensitivity which can detect targets missed by rapid antigen tests. Because the system relies on minimal hardware and low-cost consumables, it can be manufactured and scaled efficiently.. "Cost is the number one barrier for adoption of rapid molecular testing in the US and abroad. COVID showed the limits of expensive, complex systems. Even with strong performance, their economics made sustained adoption impossible. Scout has focused on lowering cost through advances in chemistry and simplifying test design, enabling a platform that meets molecular performance requirements at a price point that supports a lasting, impactful solution.". AJ . Alex Jiao, PhD CEO and Co-Founder of Scout. . The STI Scout test can use either first void urine or vaginal swabs, and future tests will be able to guide therapy for gonorrhea treatment based on antibiotic susceptibility. STI Scout uses the Scout Hub and the Scout Connect mobile app, which provides instructions, tracks results, and eventually will also allow patients to connect digitally to a healthcare provider.. Sample Types. First void urine or vaginal swabs. . Future Capability. Antibiotic susceptibility guidance for gonorrhea treatment. . Connected Experience. Scout Hub instrument + Scout Connect mobile app. . Telehealth Ready Coming soon . Digital connection to healthcare providers. . . CARB-X's additional funding also enables Scout to investigate a pilot in a low- or middle-income country, reflecting the platform's ability to extend high-quality molecular STI testing to resource and infrastructure-constrained settings. Expanding access to accurate molecular testing in settings where treatment is often empirical can support more appropriate therapy decisions and help reduce unnecessary antibiotic use.. "We are pleased to see the development progress STI Scout has made in the CARB-X portfolio as it moves toward verification and validation. This next phase of funding will help advance a platform that has the potential to be globally relevant, particularly for resource-limited settings where rapid, point-of-care results can impact both individual treatment of Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Chlamydia trachomatis infections and antibiotic stewardship.". RA . Richard Alm, PhD Interim Chief of R&D at CARB-X. . Funding Attribution. Research reported in this press release is supported by CARB-X. CARB-X's funding for this project is provided by federal funds from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority; under agreement number: 75A50122C00028, and by awards from Wellcome (WT224842), Germany's Federal Ministry of Research, Technology and Space (BMFTR), the UK Department of Health and Social Care as part of the Global Antimicrobial Resistance Innovation Fund (GAMRIF), and the Novo Nordisk Foundation. The content of this publication is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of CARB-X or any of its funders.. . Media Contacts. CARB-X. Marissa Novel. carbxpr@bu.edu . Scout. Press Office. press@scouthealth.com . . . . . About CARB-X. CARB-X (Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria Biopharmaceutical Accelerator) is a global non-profit partnership dedicated to supporting early-stage antibacterial research and development to address the rising threat of drug-resistant bacteria. CARB-X supports innovative therapeutics, preventatives and rapid diagnostics. CARB-X is led by Boston University and funded by a consortium of governments and foundations. CARB-X funds only projects that target the most serious, resistant bacteria identified on global priority lists, syndromes with the greatest global morbidity and mortality, and performance characteristics necessary for patients.. carb-x.org @CARB_X . . About Scout. Scout is a US-based health technology and diagnostics company developing rapid, accurate and affordable molecular tests for at-home and point-of-care use. The company's platform integrates the Scout Hub instrument, the Scout Connect mobile application and single-use test kits built on Scout's proprietary Loop-de-Loop isothermal chemistry. This chemistry enables fast, sensitive detection of multiple pathogens with minimal hardware and low-cost consumables. Scout's product pipeline includes tests for sexual health, women's health, and respiratory diseases. The company previously received FDA Emergency Use Authorization for its COVID-19 test in CLIA-waived clinical settings.. scouthealth.com . . . . . . Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service . © 2024 Scout Health Inc. All rights reserved. Backed by NIH, Johns Hopkins, Emory, CARB-X, and FLULAB.. This product is an investigational device that is currently under development and has not been cleared or approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration. Any performance data or claims presented on this website are based on internal analytical testing or clinical trial results and have not been reviewed, cleared, or endorsed by the FDA. This information is provided for general informational purposes only and does not constitute promotional claims for clinical or commercial use.. . .