https://assembly.com/blog/tag/announcements

Announcements | Assembly . Introducing our AI app builder . . . . . . Templates . Customers . Security . Resources . . Pricing . Book a demo Open Assembly Log in Book a demo Get started . . Blog / Tag. Announcements. All Tools & Tips Announcements Inside Assembly . Search posts . Introducing Assembly Studio. The AI app builder for professional service firms. Marlon Misra Aug 11, 2026 . . Assembly is now available in ChatGPT & Claude. Manage your client relationships in your favorite AI tools with the Assembly MCP.. Marlon Misra Jul 17, 2026 . . Q2 2026 Release. Featuring: audit log, bulk file management, and more actions in the CRM. Marlon Misra Jun 4, 2026 . . Introducing Assembly 2.0. AI-powered customizability and context that meets you where you are.. Marlon Misra Mar 20, 2026 . . Winter 2025 Edition. Assembly announces a Xero integration, task automations, and more, to wrap up 2025.. Marlon Misra Dec 19, 2025 . . Fall 2025 Edition. We’ve released 50 product improvements this month to support you and your clients’ experience.. Marlon Misra Nov 5, 2025 . . Meet Assembly — the AI-powered platform for professional service firms. Since 2020, thousands of firms have used our platform to deliver a better client experience. Today we’re changing our name from Copilot to Assembly and rolling out our largest release yet — including our first step into AI Agents.. Marlon Misra Sep 29, 2025 . . Assembly Assistant is in beta. Learn more about Assembly Assistant, the AI colleague who helps professional service businesses provide better customer experiences.. Marlon Misra Sep 28, 2025 . . Introducing multi-company clients. Customizing your client experience is easier and more flexible now that you can assign “clients” to multiple “companies” and rename these terms to your business.. Marlon Misra Aug 26, 2025 . . Summer 2025 Edition. Summer just got more productive with an upgraded QuickBooks sync, automatic reminder emails, and other refreshing updates.. Marlon Misra Aug 5, 2025 . . Introducing Shopify-like stores for professional services. Bring the best of eCommerce to your professional firm. Create a custom storefront for your services.. Marlon Misra Jun 23, 2025 . . Spring 2025 Edition. With our 2025 Spring Edition, we introduce magic links, payments, a new Billing API, and more. . Marlon Misra Apr 9, 2025 . . 2025 Collaboration Edition. Introducing the Collaboration Edition – built to help you collaborate effortlessly with your team and clients. Internal Notes You can now add notes to clients and companies. Internal notes are visible only to you and other internal users with access and can be edited after creation. Notes are located on the sidebar of client and company detail pages. Use the slash (/) command to add rich text formatting, including headings and more. Notes also come with full API, Zapier, and Make support. T. Marlon Misra Mar 18, 2025 . . 2025 Foundations Release. Welcome to the 2025 Foundations Release. Unlike earlier releases, this one is not about a brand-new app or major feature. Instead, we have spent the last few months going back to the basics, and focused on foundational enhancements and improvements across our product suite. Freeform Automations Automations help you save time, minimize tedious work, and reduce human error. Now, with this release, they’re getting more powerful. Start From Scratch Go to Automations in the sidebar and pick Sta. Marlon Misra Jan 28, 2025 . . 2024 Winter Release. At Assembly, we want to offer service-based businesses a true all-in-one platform. Our Winter 2024 Release introduces three major features that gets us closer to this vision: a task management app, business analytics, and built-in automation tools. Manage tasks with the Tasks App With the Tasks App we’re taking our first steps into the world of task and project management. You can now create tasks and assign them to internal users, clients, and companies. Filters at the top and search make it. Marlon Misra Oct 23, 2024 . . Custom visibility for apps. With custom visibility for apps, you can dynamically control which clients have access to an app. This lets you provide differentiated levels of service to clients. For example, you might only allow clients with custom field plan = premium access to schedule time with you (e.g. access to the Calendly App) and message you (e.g. access to our Messages App). You can also create dynamic onboarding experiences. For example, a new lead may need to sign a contract before they can access other parts of . Marlon Misra May 2, 2024 . . Introducing App Store and Platform. At Assembly, we set out almost 4 years ago to build the best software suite for creative and professional service businesses. In the beginning, we focused on the foundation and must-have features like a flexible CRM, payments, messaging, and contract management. But every service business is unique and we learned quickly that there was no way to build everything that our customers wanted fast enough. The only way forward was to build a true platform and developer ecosystem. Today we’re excited. Marlon Misra Mar 28, 2024 . . 2023 Winter Release. We’re excited to announce the Winter Release 2023. Watch the video to see a full product walkthrough of new features or read about them below. ⬇️ Contracts App There are dozens of eSignature solutions out there, but we wanted to build something better – something that is tightly integrated with the rest of the Assembly Platform. The Contracts App is just that – it’s the 6th addition to our app marketplace and is joining our Messaging App, Billing App, Files App, Forms App, and Helpdesk App. . Marlon Misra Jan 19, 2024 . . Announcing Assembly on Make. Starting today, Assembly is available and fully supported on Make. Now, alongside our existing API and Zapier capabilities, you can harness the power of Make's visual programming to automate workflows between Assembly and the apps you use daily. Check out our Make profile here. Why we built Assembly on Make Previously, the only no-code tool available for creating automations we supported was Zapier. In order to give you more flexibility when it comes to automations, we decided to release all . Marlon Misra Nov 8, 2023 . . Assembly 2023 Fall Release. We’re excited to announce the Assembly Fall Release 2023, a collection of features we’re releasing today or shipped over the last few weeks. Log in with Google for clients One of our product principles at Assembly is to remove as much friction as possible for your clients. In line with that, today we rolled out Sign up and Log in with Google and enabled it for clients in all portals. Google authentication works seamlessly for new clients and also for clients that previously set up with an ema. Marlon Misra Sep 26, 2023 . . Introducing Assembly Automations. We’re excited to launch Assembly Automations, a set of pre-built workflows that help you save time, reduce human error, and overall run a more streamlined business. Jump right in and check out the new automation templates or read on to learn more about our motivation for this release and the rundown of new features. Also, don’t forget to join us for a live webinar where our experts will demo Assembly Automations. Why we built Assembly Automations When we first launched Assembly, we set to pro. Marlon Misra Jun 13, 2023 . . Introducing Forms 2.0. We’re excited to announce a completely redesigned Forms App that comes with support for always-on mode, multiple submissions per client, and more. Along with the product update, we’ve also redesigned our API for forms so that you can more easily set up workflows that begin with a forms submission. Watch the product walkthrough A more powerful & intuitive design We’ve redesigned the Forms App for both internal and client users. For internal users, when you click into a form you’re now greete. Marlon Misra Jun 6, 2023 . . Introducing Copilot 1.0 and Announcing our Series A. We started working on Copilot (previously Portal) more than two years ago to help service companies start, run, and grow their business. Today we're delighted to unveil our latest version, Copilot 1.0. With Copilot 1.0, businesses can set up a client portal that enables clients to send messages, make payments, sign contracts, access custom apps, and more. We’re also thrilled to announce our $10M Series A round (covered by TechCrunch here) which enables us to create the best possible software to . Marlon Misra Jan 19, 2023 . . Assembly 2022 Winter Release. We're excited to share details of the Assembly Winter Release – the most significant release in our company's history. It includes four major new features and hundreds of design and performance improvements. Read on! A revamped Assembly Admin The new Assembly Admin is out and you can access it by logging in on assembly.com. You'll see a refreshed look, faster loading speeds, improved search, and a better overview of everything important to your business. The client experience (i.e. , your por. Marlon Misra Jan 19, 2023 . . Assembly is now HIPAA compliant. Assembly is now HIPAA-compliant, meaning healthcare startups and consulting firms can now use our client portal software for their business operations. . Marlon Misra Apr 28, 2022 . . Assembly is now SOC 2 compliant. Assembly is now SOC 2 certified, which allows us to deliver the highest level of data security, transparency, and compliance to our customers.. Marlon Misra Apr 25, 2022 . . Introducing Helpdesk 2.0. From 1.0 to 2.0 We released the first version of the Knowledge base module 14 months ago. At the time we believed that service businesses (agencies, law firms, etc.) all had an incredible amount of knowledge that customers were willing to pay for. We've learned a lot since then and couldn't be more excited about Knowledge base 2.0, our most important update yet. What's new in Knowledge base 2.0 A Powerful New Editor The Knowledge base now comes with a powerful rich text editor that lets yo. Marlon Misra Dec 1, 2021 . . . . . . . Product. Templates . Security . Pricing . Desktop app . Compare . Sign up . Book a demo . . . Resources. Blog . Guide . API reference . What's new . Community . Status . LLM info . . . Company. Customers . Careers . Brand . Trust center . Sitemap . . . Legal. Terms of service . Privacy policy . AI policy . . . Connect. YouTube . X . LinkedIn . Instagram . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .