https://www.upswell.ai/about/

Upswell | About Us . Products Restaurant Growth F&B Brands Growth Free Growth Playbook . Upswell Preshift . . About Us FAQ Book a call Free Playbook . . About Upswell. Upswell is a restaurant growth partner.. Upswell helps restaurants engineer grand openings, re-openings, and repeat customer growth through creator campaigns, tracked customer data, paid amplification, and personalized CRM.. Upswell is operated by Bobidi, Inc. Upswell Preshift is Upswell's AI staff-training product, and Upswell Collab connects restaurants with local influencers.. Book a call Read the answers library . . . Backed by. . . . Company. Upswell is powered by Bobidi ™, a Silicon Valley-based AI company backed by ~$6M in funding from top investors, including Meta, Y Combinator, Lotte Ventures, Scrum Ventures, Murex Partners, WE Ventures, Hyundai ZER01NE, Bon Angels, Springcamp, and Allectus Capital.. Our team brings diverse expertise from Meta (formerly Facebook), eBay, LinkedIn, and top fine-dining restaurants , combining tech innovation with deep industry knowledge.. . . . . Featured. . . . . . Upswell Is Deeply Connected To The Local Food & Beverage Community. Upswell is run by one of the creators of the Meal Forward Foundation ( www.mealforward.org ), a Silicon Valley-based 501(c)(3) non-profit dedicated to providing food assistance to communities.. . Meal Forward began as a small campaign in response to COVID-19, raising funds to support struggling local restaurants by paying them to deliver healthy meals to healthcare workers. The campaign quickly went viral and eventually grew into the Meal Forward Foundation.. . Since its inaugural fundraising event, Meal Forward has distributed over 20,000 meals to hospitals, schools, hunger relief programs, fire stations, nursing homes, senior centers, and children facing food insecurity. Now, Meal Forward is expanding its reach by developing technology to help similar organizations connect more efficiently with those in need.. . . . . We help connect people with great local eateries. We run quiz campaigns and give winners cash rewards that can be used only at the sponsored restaurant.. . . . . Upswell's mission is to build meaningful connections between people and local businesses. Through our work with MealForward.org , we've seen firsthand how much local eateries mean to their communities—and how challenging it is for them to thrive. Most independent restaurants, bars, and cafes struggle to attract and retain loyal customers. Many rely on coupons, costly social media marketing, or third-party delivery services , only to see their already thin margins stretched to the breaking point.. . . Have fun, and know that your every interaction makes a huge difference! 🙂. With our expertise in AI, advertising, and community engagement , we created a smarter, more sustainable solution—one that connects passionate food lovers with great local spots, without relying on discounts. Our platform drives real guest engagement via fun quizzes , helping restaurants grow profitably and sustainably.. By playing our quizzes, earning cash rewards, and dining at our partner eateries, you're directly supporting local businesses —keeping your community vibrant and thriving!. . . . . . Your restaurant's growth partner. We engineer Grand Openings, and re-openings, so people line up.. Upswell is a product of Bobidi, Inc. . . Product. Restaurant Growth . F&B Growth . Upswell Preshift . Upswell Play . Free Playbook . . Library. FAQ & Answers . Case studies . Compare approaches . . Company. About . Privacy Policy . Terms of Use . SMS Terms . Receipt Rewards Policy . . . © 2026 Upswell. All rights reserved. Powered by . .