https://www.dropback.com/blog/integration-nextgen

Dropback and NextGen Integrate to Power Roster Construction for the Revenue-Sharing Era | Dropback Blog . Skip to main content FREE WEBINAR: Hudl x Dropback - Launch Your Portal Engine by Kickoff Platform . Use Cases . Sports . Resources . . Book Demo . . . See all posts . . Product Dropback and NextGen Integrate to Power Roster Construction for the Revenue-Sharing Era. Dropback and NextGen Prospects announce a strategic partnership and integration to further embed innovative scouting workflows with the roster building tasks of the Post-House era.‍. Luke Bogus January 31, 2025 3 min read . January 31, 2025 — Today, Dropback (the 1st all-in-one ‘General Manager’ software for college sports) and NextGen Prospects (an industry-leading roster management platform), announce a strategic partnership and integration to further embed innovative scouting workflows with the roster building tasks of the Post-House era.. “This partnership is a major win for our clients," said Marc Vitticore, Founder of NextGen Prospects. "By combining NextGen's unrivaled athlete data aggregation with Dropback's financial modeling technology, we've created a system that empowers General Managers to make faster, smarter, and more financially sound decisions. This kind of integration is the future of roster management.". Dropback’s ‘collegiate front office’ tech empowers General Managers and Personnel staff to translate their athlete evaluations into roster valuations ($)—managing their roster financially to secure top talent while optimizing usage of their NIL and Revenue Sharing budgets.. “General Managers help their teams win by maximizing every dollar spent on their rosters. Partnering with NextGen enables mutual clients to further innovate their roster construction process, and go from prospect to proposed contract in minutes,” said Luke Bogus, Co-Founder and CEO at Dropback.. This collaboration connects Dropback users with NextGen Logic’s powerful data, integrating vast data sources to enrich over 50,000+ high school and transfer portal athlete profiles. Now, GMs can leverage the power of datafields like LPR (League Production Rates) and Benchmarked Speed in Dropback’s “Valuation Modeler” to build even richer custom, defensible athlete valuation formulas via program-specific data, metrics, baselines, and weights.. Plus, NextGen Pro customers can further blend their roster construction and roster valuation processes, with real-time syncs between clients’ custom NextGen Pro recruiting boards and player-specific notes, saving hours across scouting workflows and increasing competitiveness on the recruitment trail.. “Our mission has always been to empower teams with unparalleled data visibility and actionable insights," Vitticore continued. "This partnership is a testament to that mission, driving innovation for the programs that trust us to help them win,” said Vitticore.. For more information about the teams succeeding on the field and the recruiting trail with NextGen’s technology, visit nextgenprospect.com. For more information about the elite programs running their GM operations on Dropback’s technology, visit their website .. About NextGen Prospects. NextGen Prospects is a game-changing leader in athlete data aggregation and roster management technology, empowering college sports programs, major media outlets, and pro sports teams to dominate both on the field and in recruitment. Trusted by top programs across all major conferences, NextGen’s platform integrates vast, real-time data on high school and transfer portal athletes.. By delivering powerful, dynamic insights through cutting-edge visualization and data tools, NextGen transforms scouting and recruiting workflows—giving teams the speed, precision, and intelligence needed to make winning decisions and maintain a competitive edge.. About Dropback. Elite programs use Dropback to create and monitor budgets, build data-driven cap strategies, and automate contracts & payroll. GMs transform their athlete evaluations into roster valuations through build-your-own, data-driven formulas for effective and defensible valuations. Plus, admins save hours automating busy work by managing contracts and payroll in one place: Dropback.. Dropback is trusted by major programs across Power 4 conferences, founded by former engineers at Microsoft & Hudl, and the first NIL startup backed by Y Combinator .. . . Related Articles. . CBB Analytics and Dropback Partner to Power Data-Driven Decisions for Basketball GMs. . . NEW: Dropback For Basketball. . . Saving Rev-Share Admins 100+ Hours with Automations • Dropback Deep Dives. . . How Elite Teams Optimize the Rev-Share Cap • Dropback Deep Dives. . . . . AI-Native Front Office Software for College Sports.. hello@dropback.com . Product. AI Teammates . Private Database . No-Code Analytics . Integrations . . Sports. Football . Men's Basketball . Women's Basketball . Volleyball . Baseball . . Company. Terms of Use . Privacy Policy . Security . Contact us . . . Dropback is a product and service of FanCave, Inc. All text and design © 2026. All rights reserved.. . . . .