https://www.redbird.io/post/redbird-announcing-our-seed-round

Redbird: Announcing Our Seed Round — Redbird AI Product AI Agents. Connectors Data Prep Analysis & Insights Reporting Business Actions . Products. Workflow Builder AI Data Tool AI Report Builder AI Chat . Platform. SDK MCP API . . . Solutions By Team. Analytics Research & Insights Marketing Finance Sales RevOps Customer Success BI Data Product Operations HR Supply Chain Strategy . By Industry. CPG Financial Services Healthcare Government Retail + E-Commerce Media Technology Manufacturing . By Company Type. Startup SMB Enterprise . . . Resources Blog Documentation FAQs --> . . . . Log In Book a demo Get started . Product AI Agents. Connectors Data Prep Analysis & Insights Reporting Business Actions Products. Workflow Builder AI Data Tool AI Report Builder AI Chat Platform. SDK MCP API . . Solutions By Team. Analytics Research & Insights Marketing Finance Sales RevOps Customer Success BI Data Product Operations HR Supply Chain Strategy By Industry. CPG Financial Services Healthcare Government Retail + E-Commerce Media Technology Manufacturing By Company Type. Startup SMB Enterprise . . Resources Blog Documentation FAQs --> . . Log In Get started . . Back to Blog Business November 19, 2023 1 min read . Redbird: Announcing Our Seed Round. Redbird announces seed fundraising round.. Erin Tavgac Redbird AI . . . Today, we’re excited to announce a big milestone that will allow us to invest more in the future success of Redbird , our customers, and the broader data analytics ecosystem. We’ve raised a $7.6 million Seed round with participation from Y Combinator, B Capital, Thomson Reuters Ventures, Alumni Ventures and Soma Capital, along with several other funds and angel investors. We’re fortunate to have the support of such incredible investors as we work toward our mission of empowering employees to effortlessly automate and unify data analytics work, regardless of their technical skills.. Empowering all employees with data superpowers . Working with and analyzing data can seem daunting for teams who don’t have the technical abilities to write custom code, create database queries, or interpret analytical results. Even for technical teams with these skill sets, it can be challenging and time consuming, ultimately distracting them from higher value work. We created Redbird with the goal of making it easier for organizations who would like all of their employees to be equipped with a more unified, automated, and accessible approach to doing this type of work. Redbird has built the first analytics operating system that can deliver on this vision. With a breadth and depth of tools running within a cutting edge no-code / low-code platform, we are able to finally put data superpowers within the reach of any user.. What’s next for Redbird. Raising money is often mistaken for success. We view this fundraise as an important accelerant as we keep building toward our vision. Our success is ultimately measured by the impact we have on the data analytics ecosystem by making the most advanced analytics accessible to the least technical person within an organization.. Our investment will help us to further expand our advanced no-code capabilities, build out additional integrations, and keep growing our customer base.. We look forward to continuing on this adventure with our team, customers, and investors, who have all been an integral part of our journey so far.. With gratitude,. Erin. Co-Founder & CEO, Redbird. . Ready to build your first AI-powered workflow?. Join teams already using Redbird AI to automate analytics, ops, and reporting work — 10× faster.. Get started . . AI-powered workflow automation for business teams. Easily automate, edit, and rerun your most difficult workflows through conversational AI.. info@redbird.io . . Y. Backed by Y Combinator . . . Product. AI Agents. Connectors . Data Prep . Analysis & Insights . Reporting . Business Actions . . Products. Workflow Builder . AI Data Tool . AI Report Builder . AI Chat . . Platform. SDK . MCP . API . . Integrations. Integrations . . . Solutions. By Team. Analytics . Research & Insights . Marketing . Finance . Sales . RevOps . Customer Success . BI . Data . Product . Operations . HR . Supply Chain . Strategy . . By Industry. CPG . Financial Services . Healthcare . Government . Retail + E-Commerce . Media . Technology . Manufacturing . . By Company Type. Startup . SMB . Enterprise . . Resources. Blog . Documentation . FAQs . --> . Company. About . Contact . Press . Privacy . . . . © 2026 Redbird Software Inc. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Security --> . . .