https://blog.adentris.com/adentris-a-y-combinator-backed-startup-raises-1-8m-in-vc-funding-to-transform-medical-documentation-compliance-with-ai/

Adentris Raises $1.8M to Fix EHR Documentation With AI { document.querySelector('[data-progress-bar]').setAttribute('value',getScrollPercent()) })" @scroll.window="document.querySelector('[data-progress-bar]').setAttribute('value',getScrollPercent())" > 50 ? isScrolledOnload = true : null" x-data="{ isScrolled: false, isScrolledOnload: false }" @scroll.window="isScrolled = (window.pageYOffset . Home . Contacts . Request a Demo Request a Demo . . Home . Contacts . . . . News · Sep 12, 2025 · 2 min read . Adentris, a Y Combinator-Backed Startup, Raises $1.8M in VC Funding to Transform Medical Documentation Compliance With AI . Adentris Content Team . . . . { renderTOC('h2,h3,h4') })"> Table of Contents . . . Adentris , a healthcare AI startup based in San Francisco, announced the closing of a $1.8 million pre-seed round to tackle one of healthcare's most costly and persistent challenges: documentation errors in Electronic Health Records (EHRs). The round, which took place in April this year, included backing from Pioneer Fund, DVC, Fjor, Ryan Chan, Eric Norman, and other notable early-stage investors.. Adentris's AI-powered compliance copilot integrates directly with hospital EHR systems using HL7, FHIR, and other industry protocols. It continuously monitors clinical workflows in real time to detect and resolve documentation issues - like missed discharge notes or incorrect medication times - before they result in denied insurance claims, compliance audits, or revenue loss.. Adentris is built to deliver measurable impact at scale:. Accelerate insurance payments by up to 20% by eliminating documentation gaps that delay reimbursement and cause resubmittals.. Reduce provider time on documentation by 30% , enabling clinicians to focus more on patient care.. Eliminate 90% of effort spent on manual charts audit by automating flagging and fixing documentation issues.. Recover up to 15% of provider's revenue typically lost to preventable claim denials through real-time issue resolution.. "We're excited to see our solution already making a difference for hospitals and clinics nationwide," said Dmitry Karpov, CEO of Adentris. "Accurate documentation isn't just a billing issue - it's a foundation of quality care. We help ensure that what happens in care gets reflected correctly, in real time." . "Ensuring clinical compliance isn't just about avoiding penalties - it's about protecting patients and supporting frontline staff." - Joel N.H. Stern, Professor of Neurology & Molecular Medicine, Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra University, advisor of Adentris.. Since the beginning of 2025, Adentris has achieved major milestones: completing HIPAA compliance, acquiring its first healthcare clients - primarily in the drug and alcohol rehabilitation sector - and securing a spot in Y Combinator's Spring 2025 (X25) batch. The company is currently focused on expanding sales to medical institutions across California, Texas, and Florida, where documentation compliance challenges are particularly acute.. ‍. How Adentris helps. This funding accelerates the build out of our Documentation QA module, which reads the EHR through the UI the same way a trained reviewer does, no HL7 or FHIR integration project required. At Sobrius Health, a multi-site Virginia SUD provider, pre-submission documentation accuracy moved from 73% to 96% after deployment. For teams already drowning in denials, our Appeals and Denials workflow contributed to a 62% drop in claim denials within 90 days at a multi-site behavioral health customer. The platform is SOC 2 Type I and II complete, HIPAA aligned, 42 CFR Part 2 ready, and BAA ready on Azure inference, which matters for the SUD and behavioral health clinics we serve. Want to see it on your charts? Book a 30-minute demo .. Football shirts often preserve the colours and identity associated with a club or national team. For matchday clothing decisions, （） connects the selected design with its team identity. The right option depends on whether the shirt is intended for collecting, gifting or regular wear.. . . Share Tweet Share Share Email Copy . . Read next. Company News · Aug 19, 2026 . Adentris and Grant Global & Associates Partner on Revenue Integrity . Adentris is a healthcare compliance platform that reviews charts and claims on top of a provider's existing EHR. . Adentris Content Team . . . News · May 20, 2026 . Adentris Completes Major AI Compliance Deployment at Sobrius, Putting Over 100 Active SUD Patients Under Continuous Real-Time Regulatory Review . Y Combinator-backed Adentris goes live across ASAM Levels 2.5 and 3.5 programs in record time, with more than . Adentris Content Team . . . News · Sep 12, 2025 . From the Stage at AI Rabbit Hole: How Adentris is Fighting $70B in Healthcare Documentation Errors with AI . Last week at AI Rabbit Hole in San Francisco, a premier gathering of technologists and founders hosted by MadHats, our . Adentris Content Team . . . . . . Where clinical documentation, coding, and revenue meet. Insights for HIM, CDI, and RCM leaders.. Twitter RSS . The Chart Home . Contacts . . Legal . Categories News . Product Updates . . . ©2026 The Chart . Published with Ghost & Flair . . . .