https://quantstamp.com/category/announcements?page=3

Quantstamp Announcements | Quantstamp . Services Audits & Assessments. Smart Contract Audits Expert web3 security assessments Blitz Accelerated security reviews for web3 projects Economic Exploit Analysis Analysis and mitigation of economic attacks Penetration Testing & Infra Audits Web3 infrastructure configuration security Insurance World's first regulated smart contract insurer . Operational Security. OpSec Review Close operational gaps before they're exploited Monitor Continuous watch on data, identity & your stack Incident Response Contain, eradicate, recover from active attacks vCISO Senior security leadership on call for your team Certification Third-party attestation of your security posture Communication Firewall Cross-channel social-engineering defense . . . Audit Reports Guides Audit Readiness Guide Prepare your project for a security audit Incident Response Guide The first 24 hours after a protocol exploit . . About Team Meet the Quantstamp team Auditors Our Security Auditors Media Media assets . . Blog Request a Security Audit . . Audits & Assessments. Smart Contract Audits Expert web3 security assessments Blitz Accelerated security reviews for web3 projects Economic Exploit Analysis Analysis and mitigation of economic attacks Penetration Testing & Infra Audits Web3 infrastructure configuration security Insurance World's first regulated smart contract insurer . . Operational Security. OpSec Review Close operational gaps before they're exploited Monitor Continuous watch on data, identity & your stack Incident Response Contain, eradicate, recover from active attacks vCISO Senior security leadership on call for your team Certification Third-party attestation of your security posture Communication Firewall Cross-channel social-engineering defense . . Guides. Audit Readiness Guide Prepare your project for a security audit Incident Response Guide The first 24 hours after a protocol exploit . . About. Audit Reports Blog Team Auditors Media . . Follow. . . Request a Security Audit Terms and conditions Privacy policy . . . Quantstamp Announcements. . . . Quantstamp Announcements August 2026: The Price Feed Was Exploited. Crypto lost $255.4M across 46 incidents in August 2026, roughly level with July's $254.4M, with more incidents than any month this year. June and July incidents were largely due to key compromises, but August shifted to price manipulation. Eleven oracle and price-manipulation incidents accounted for $135.87M, or 53% of the month. Two chains stopped producing blocks and rolled back state to undo the damage. Here's the month in security 👇. Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Chainproof Launches as the World's First Regulated Smart Contract Insurance Provider. Incubated by Quantstamp and backed by Sompo and reinsured by MunichRe, Chainproof offers regulated insurance against hacks for non-custodial smart contracts on a public decentralized blockchain.. July 5, 2022 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Quantstamp to Sponsor DeFi Talents Mentoring Program. Quantstamp is pleased to sponsor the current cohort of DeFi Talents, a program for empowering talent for leadership in the decentralized finance space.. April 13, 2022 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Quantstamp is attending ETHDenver and we are hiring!. Interested in joining the Quantstamp team? Visit us at ETHDenver and ask us about the culture, the perks, and more.. February 3, 2022 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Quantstamp 2021 Year In Review. 2021 was another exciting year: we saw the rise of NFTs and the evolution of the metaverse, an explosion in both L2 scaling solutions and L1 blockchains, and rapid growth for both our team and the overall industry. Here’s a look over the past 12 months.. January 10, 2022 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Dapper Labs Catapults Blockchain Into the Mainstream. Dapper labs successfully developed NFT platforms for sports leagues like the NBA and now aims to bring DAOs to the mainstream as well.. November 26, 2021 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Quantstamp to Secure Solana’s Core Infrastructure. Quantstamp will be securing Solana's core infrastructure. Learn more about this scalable Layer 1 blockchain and how its key innovation, Proof of History (PoH), aims to boost transaction speed.. September 27, 2021 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Quantstamp Germany has Launched and We're Hiring. We interview our employees so you can find out what it’s like to work at Quantstamp and encourage you to apply.. July 12, 2021 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements Quantstamp Sponsors DLT Talents Mentoring Program. Quantstamp is pleased to sponsor the current cohort of DLT Talents, an 18-week mentoring program to empower female talent for leadership in the blockchain space.. June 29, 2021 Read more . . . Quantstamp Announcements How to Read an Audit Report. Learn how to interpret the results of a Quantstamp audit.. June 22, 2021 Read more . . . . ‹ Page 3 of 10 › . . Services. Audits Infrastructure Audits Economic Exploits Insurance . Operational Security. OpSec Review Monitor Incident Response vCISO Certification Communication Firewall . Resources. Audit Reports Audit Readiness Guide Incident Response Guide . About. Blog Team Media . . Back to Top . Follow. . . .