https://www.gymclass.com/

Gym Class VR (Virtual Reality) on Meta Quest (Basketball, Baseball, Football) Home Careers . . . . . ABOUT GYM CLASS . Gym Class is a social platform where you can play games, make friends, and create and share your own experiences. Join a community of millions across virtual reality and mobile.. . GC began as a social basketball game on Meta Quest and quickly grew into one of the largest, global sports platforms in virtual reality. Today, GC has over 53K ratings on Meta Quest, a 4.8-star average, and thriving communities across its basketball, baseball, boxing, football, paintball, and soccer.. . In 2026, GC began expanding to mobile, making it easy for people to join and play with friends, or when discovering the community from viral #gymclassvr content on TikTok, YouTube, or Instagram.. . The company has raised more than $8 million from leading technology investors and strategic partners, including Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), Y Combinator, the NBA, the Golden State Warriors, Kevin Durant, Lonzo Ball, Andre Iguodala, Soma Capital, Founders Inc., Danny Green, Zaza Pachulia, Balaji Srinivasan, and others. Over the past two years, Gym Class has also announced licensing relationships with the NBA and Major League Baseball .. ‍. Download Gym Class on the Quest Store, grab the iPhone app , Android app , or view the Press Kit for more info and assets.. ‍. WORKING AT GYM CLASS . At Gym Class, you’ll own significant scope, ship quickly, and get rapid feedback - both positive and critical - from a highly engaged community, all while collaborating directly with the leadership team.. . Our team is a rare hybrid of viral consumer social, social gaming, and AI expertise. Paul led Product for Twitter’s Home feed, the company’s largest surface, serving roughly 200 million daily active users, and previously sold his startup to Coinbase. Our CTO, Erik, co-founded and sold tbh to Meta, where he later led an AI-native game studio. Justin previously led art at his own VR game studio and at Walmart VR, where the team focused on spatial commerce.. . . Follow: TikTok - IG - YT - X - LI . Contact: support@gymclass.com . Terms of Service . Privacy . . ‍. .