https://www.sazabi.com/blog/seed-round?contact=true

Announcing Our $8M Seed Round and Open Beta . About . Careers . Blog . Features . . . . . . . . Sound: locked . Book a demo . . . Menu . Go back # ANNOUNCEMENT . . Announcing Our $8M Seed Round and Open Beta. . By Sazabi Team . . . . . . . . . . . . . Today, we're excited to announce our $8 million seed round led by J2 Ventures, Village Global, and Y Combinator, with participation from Orange Collective and more than 60 angel investors from leading AI, developer tools, and infrastructure companies.. We're also announcing our open beta. No more waitlist. As of this morning, engineering teams can get started with Sazabi as soon as they're ready. Book a demo here .. I'm an infrastructure engineer. I've spent the last ten years working in infrastructure, DevOps, and observability roles at high-growth tech startups like Brex and Crunchbase.. While my peers in product often get most of the limelight, I've always found deep joy in building the thing that builds the thing: the platform that allows product engineering teams to ship features with maximum speed and reliability. The Software Factory.. That passion led me first to build-and-test systems, then to software delivery and DevOps, and finally to production infrastructure and observability.. When I think back on my career in startups, across many companies and roles, one common theme stands out: speed.. Startups care about speed.. A startup often lives or dies based on its ability to:. Find product-market fit quickly. Deliver customer value quickly. Get to market quickly. Respond to competitors quickly. Grow quickly. The primary mandate of a platform engineering team is to unlock speed for the rest of the organization.. And there's good news: in 2026, software is fast. It has never been faster. We can ship entire features in minutes, entire products in hours, and entire companies in days.. But there are still huge parts of the software development life cycle that remain tedious and slow. Chief among them are monitoring and observability.. It still amazes me. Teams spend tens or hundreds of hours creating monitors and dashboards. When something breaks, they get a cryptic alert — sometimes many alerts for a single root cause. Investigation means navigating through screens, tabs, and tools, manually constructing queries along the way.. Legacy observability platforms like Datadog were built for a different era. AI coding tools like Claude Code and Codex make debugging significantly easier, but they don't solve observability, and they don't help much with detection. The fact is, we need something entirely new: an observability platform designed from the ground up with a new set of assumptions and AI at the core.. That's what we're building at Sazabi.. Sazabi is a next-generation observability platform for fast-moving engineering teams.. We're building Datadog for the AI era. Not another LLM observability tool, but a new generalized approach to observability that works for any workload type, including agents, and uses AI for maximum speed and automation.. Our goal is to put observability on autopilot so product engineering teams can focus on shipping features.. Sazabi's product is based on three core philosophical ideas:. Less is more. What developers need is not more information, more screens, more dashboards, or more data. They need clear, actionable answers to the questions they actually care about.. Logs are all you need. Metrics and traces are valuable, but they can be tricky to instrument properly and hard to use. Logs are more ergonomic, more flexible, and capable of providing many of the same insights. As in most domains, the simplest approach is usually the best one.. Monitoring is dead. Traditional monitors that track narrow signals like CPU utilization and request latency are difficult to create and maintain, especially for fast-evolving systems. The future is non-deterministic alerts triggered by AI.. It's an opinionated approach to observability, built not for the engineering teams of the past, but for those of the future.. Since launching less than a month ago, we've signed up 50 teams who now rely on Sazabi to monitor and debug their apps, including serious engineering organizations like Mintlify, Daytona, Mastra, Sandstone, and more. Their feedback has been overwhelmingly positive.. Our $8 million seed round is co-led by J2 Ventures, Village Global, and Y Combinator. J2 Ventures has a track record of investing in low-level technologies, especially those with security and defense applications. Village Global has one of the best-known brands and strongest networks in the Silicon Valley ecosystem. Y Combinator's reputation speaks for itself. I'm proud to be a second-time YC founder with Sazabi.. We're also backed by more than 60 of the best builders in Silicon Valley. Our angels include:. Harrison Chase, CEO of LangChain. Merrill Lutsky, CEO of Graphite. Hunter Walk, founder of Homebrew. Matt Biilman, CEO of Netlify. Paul Klein, CEO of Browserbase. Ivan Burazin, CEO of Daytona. Abhi Ayer, CTO of Mastra. Plus key individuals from companies like Vercel, OpenAI, Anthropic, Replit, and more.. We plan to use the funding to make key hires, accelerate product development, and expand our go-to-market efforts. We're particularly excited about the launch of our self-serve offering, scheduled for later this year.. Sazabi's vision is ambitious. We're building self-healing software: a world where software heals and improves itself without human intervention or direction.. It's the self-driving car of software: a challenging engineering problem, and a product that is a little bit scary to end users. After all, we're asking you to take your hands off the wheel.. But if Sazabi works — and we're seeing early signs that it does — it will be transformative.. A year ago, when I started Sazabi, the vision sounded like science fiction. Today, self-driving cars are on the streets of San Francisco, and our vision feels inevitable.. If you want to be part of it, don't hesitate to reach out.. Sherwood Callaway. CEO & Founder. sherwood@sazabi.ai . . . . . 2026-06-25T00:00:00Z Share . . . . . Read next. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sazabi Is Part of Y Combinator P26. . Sazabi is joining Y Combinator's P26 batch as we continue building the future of AI-native observability.. Read more . . . . . . . . . . . . The Sazabi Manifesto. . AI has changed what's possible in software systems. Observability hasn't caught up. This manifesto lays out a path forward.. Read more . . . . . SAVE THE DAY. . The AI-native observability platform for fast-moving engineering teams. Ship with confidence.. . Start for free Book a demo . . . . Subscribe to Sazabi news. Subscribe . Menu About Book a demo Login Contact . . . Resources Blog Careers . . . Features Conversational Debugging Autonomous Alerts Coding Agents Welcome . . . Social LinkedIn X . . . . . . . Stop Wondering . Privacy Terms DPA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .