https://finny.com/blog/

Blog | FINNY FINNY announces Pay As You Grow model to support advisor growth → . Home Product Pricing About us Compliance Blog Careers Sign in Join Now . . . Blog. Insights and updates from the FINNY team.. All 27 FINNY Press 12 FINNY Blog 7 Case Studies 8 . . August 17, 2026 No Longer a Vendor: Meet Your New Growth Partner. Today, we begin the public rollout of “Pay as You Grow” - the biggest change we have ever made to how we work with advisors.. Read article → . . . FINNY Press. . September 24, 2026 FINNY Named Anchor Technology Partner in OneSeven’s New AdvisorGrowth IQ Platform. OneSeven, who has more than $10B AUM, named FINNY an anchor technology partner for AdvisorGrowth IQ, its new AI-powered growth engine for financial advisors.. Read more → . . . July 16, 2026 FINNY named a Top 50 Firm to Work for in WealthTech. Search Chain Partners has named FINNY one of the Top 50 Firms to Work for in WealthTech, and we’re grateful to be included alongside some of the biggest names in fintech.. Read more → . . . June 9, 2026 FINNY Launches Enterprise Growth Platform With Mercer Advisors as Flagship User. FINNY for Enterprise Teams enables personalized, AI-powered growth at scale across hundreds of advisors NEW YORK – June 9, 2026 – FINNY Inc. ("FINNY"), the AI-powered prospecting and marketing platform built specifically for financial advisors, today announced the launch of FINNY for Enterprise Teams.. Read more → . . . January 29, 2026 FINNY Forms Relationship With Osaic to Bring AI-Powered Growth to National Advisor Network. Osaic makes available FINNY’s growth technology to its network of over 10,000 financial professionals to streamline prospect outreach, enhance productivity and scale organic growth NEW YORK – January . Read more → . . . December 18, 2025 FINNY raises a $17M Series A to help great advisors help more people. To Our FINNY Community, Less than two years ago, we quit our jobs to solve a problem that had been hiding in plain sight. Financial advisors are some of the most important professionals in America. Th. Read more → . . . October 29, 2025 FINNY Forms Relationship With Integrated Partners, Adds Leading Wealth Management Marketing Executives to Advisory Board. New partnership with Integrated, as well as advisory board additions from Mission Wealth and Lido Advisors, reinforce FINNY’s position as leader in AI-driven advisor growth solutions NEW YORK–(B. Read more → . . . August 6, 2025 FINNY Launches Multi-Channel Campaigns for Automated Outreach. New features make FINNY the only platform purpose-built for multi-channel prospecting in wealth management, giving advisors tools to personalize and scale their outreach with ease NEW YORK – August 6t. Read more → . . . June 9, 2025 FINNY Unveils Intent Search to Help Advisors Pinpoint High-Intent Prospects Faster. NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–FINNY AI Inc. (“FINNY”), the AI-powered prospecting and marketing platform built specifically for financial advisors, today announced the launch of Intent Sea. Read more → . . . March 13, 2025 Ritholtz Wealth Management CEO Josh Brown Invests in FINNY and joins Advisory Board. Renowned podcaster, author, CNBC contributor and wealth management leader backs FINNY as it scales artificial intelligence (AI)-powered prospecting, advances mission to bridge the gap between wealth a. Read more → . . . December 11, 2024 FINNY Raises $4.3M in Seed Funding To Build the AI Agent helping Financial Advisors grow. Female-Founded Startup Poised to Disrupt $100T Wealth Management Industry In 2023, I was headhunted by one of the largest financial advisory firms in the US for a role as their Chief of Staff. During . Read more → . . . December 10, 2024 Ten to Watch in 2025: Eden Ovadia. Serial tech startup founder Uri Levine famously advised entrepreneurs to “fall in love with the problem, not the solution.” Most advisors, however, would love a solution to the problem that Eden . Read more → . . . August 12, 2024 Finny and the Great AdvisorTech Acceleration. Victoria Toli, one of the three co-founders of Finny, describes her startup as “Hinge for financial advisors,” drawing a parallel to the popular dating app. The comparison makes sense in a few ways. Y. Read more → . . . . FINNY Blog. . April 14, 2026 Announcing Hunter: Your AI Chief Growth Officer. Today, we begin our public rollout of Hunter – the most significant product we have ever shipped. Over the past two years, we have been building the bones of our growth platform piece by piece: . Read more → . . . December 30, 2024 How to Drive Organic Growth: Insights from FINNY. Organic growth isn’t easy. Whether prospecting, chasing referrals or standing out, success takes strategy. That’s why Eden Ovadia, CEO of FINNY, joined WisdomTree’s Office Hours to share act. Read more → . . . July 31, 2024 The future of AI sales tech. Why Vertical-specific Solutions Matter The recent article “Death of a Salesforce” by Andreessen Horowitz paints an exciting picture of how AI will transform sales technology. At FINNY AI, . Read more → . . . July 1, 2024 Kitces Takes on Industry Trends. I learned a lot hearing Kitces talk at the Morningstar annual conference. So thought I’d relay some of his insights here. 1. Technology forces the constant evolution of the financial advisor’s profess. Read more → . . . June 24, 2024 The Future of Financial Advice is Already Here. AI + Finance Last night I moderated a panel for the Museum of American Finance at Betterment’s headquarters in the Flatiron District of New York City. A couple hundred people from the intersection of . Read more → . . . May 15, 2024 Who’s Who in AI-AdvisorTech. First up, those nominated who have creator mode turned on (also who I think are Ai-first AdvisorTech companies): Who don’t have creator mode turned on: Also mentioned (maybe not Ai-Advisortech, . Read more → . . . . Case Studies. . July 9, 2026 Stick to One Channel and Let it Compound: How Connor Castellano Grew with FINNY. A newly independent advisor turned a referral-only practice into a repeatable outbound engine, landing a six-figure client from a single FINNY campaign.. Read more → . . . May 8, 2026 From Broad Outreach to a Targeted Pipeline: How Hugh Quinn Uses FINNY to Grow. A financial advisor scrapped his broad outreach campaign after a month of nothing but opt outs, then rebuilt around narrow, high intent niches, closing a new client and advancing two more prospects worth over $4M combined.. Read more → . . . April 21, 2026 How Jim Capitanello Closed His First FINNY Client in Two Months While Building a Scalable Pipeline. A 27 year Osaic advisor turned a decade of underused LinkedIn activity into a targeted telecom niche campaign, closing his first FINNY client within eight weeks of getting started.. Read more → . . . February 17, 2026 How Tim Farley added 3 new clients ($15M in AUM) from a single campaign. A referral only RIA serving public company executives ran its first structured outbound campaign with an education first approach, landing 3 new clients and over $12M in AUM from a single sequence.. Read more → . . . January 22, 2026 How Kevin Newbert Closed 2 New Clients (and $1.8M in Assets) Using FINNY. Kevin joined Ausperity Private Wealth, a Sanctuary Wealth Partner Firm, seven months ago, stepping into a growth-focused role with a clear goal: build a repeatable pipeline—without relying solely on r. Read more → . . . January 9, 2026 How Thomas Manetta Landed a $5M Household (and Built a Compounding Organic Growth Engine) With FINNY. If you’re an independent advisor building a practice the right way—conflict-free, relationship-driven, and not reliant on referral programs—you’ve probably felt the same tension Thomas Manetta describ. Read more → . . . June 18, 2025 Case Study: How Clarity Advisors Grows Without Lifting a Finger with FINNY. Clarity Advisors is a boutique RIA based in Buffalo, New York, led by Michael Brady. After over a decade in the industry—starting under a large Canadian distributor and ultimately launching his o. Read more → . . . June 18, 2025 How Rosefinch Leverages FINNY to Serve a Complex, Cross-Border Niche. Rosefinch is a boutique financial advisory firm specializing in cross-border planning—particularly for UK expatriates living in the United States. The firm bridges the divide between UK and US fi. Read more → . . . . . . © 2026 FINNY AI Inc.. sales@finny.com . 253 W 28th Street, Floor 5. New York, NY 10001. . . For Advisors. Sign in . Privacy Policy . Terms . Security . . Company. Product . Pricing . About us . Blog . Careers . . Socials. X . LinkedIn . . . . Backed by YCombinator . . .