https://archal.ai/

Stateful API Sandboxes for AI Agent Testing | Archal . Skip to content Archal Product Environments Docs Contact Sign in → . Sign in Get started → . . . Testing sandboxes, built for AI agents . Test API integrations without test accounts, rate limits, or dirty state. Each sandbox contains stateful environments that behave like the APIs you use in production.. Book a call → Quickstart ↓ . Includes $20 in usage credits. No card required.. Backed by Combinator . Choose environments for your sandbox:. Apify Cal.com ClickUp Customer.io Datadog Discord GitHub GitLab Google Workspace HubSpot Jira Linear OwnerRez PriceLabs Ramp Sentry Slack Stripe Supabase Tavily Unipile Webflow Apify Cal.com ClickUp Customer.io Datadog Discord GitHub GitLab Google Workspace HubSpot Jira Linear OwnerRez PriceLabs Ramp Sentry Slack Stripe Supabase Tavily Unipile Webflow . . . . Use cases. . Built for agent developers, connectors teams, and integration engineers.. . Harness testing. Give every test run an isolated sandbox. Changes persist across tool calls, then reset to the same baseline.. . Integration testing. Give every branch or CI job its own sandbox without shared test accounts, rate limits, or dirty state.. . Agent training and RL. Give every rollout a sandbox with the same starting state while changes persist through the episode.. . . Product → Each sandbox holds one or more stateful API environments. Changes persist between calls and reset to the same starting point.. . . . Create, call, inspect, reset. . + . Create. Create a sandbox with one or more environments and a known starting state.. . ✓ . Ready. Receive isolated REST and MCP endpoints as each environment starts.. . → . Call. Use familiar API paths, payloads, and tools.. . ⌁ . Inspect. See requests, responses, mutations, timing, and usage together.. . ↻ . Reset. Restore every environment in the sandbox to its declared baseline.. . . . Choose the environments your sandbox needs. . Every environment is stateful and resets to a declared starting state.. . GitHub Repos, issues, pull requests, branches, and commits. REST + MCP Linear Issues, projects, teams, cycles, and workflows. REST + MCP Slack Channels, messages, threads, users, and reactions. REST + MCP Supabase SQL, migrations, logs, branches, and project metadata. REST + MCP Apify Actors, runs, datasets, key-value stores, and request queues. REST Cal.com Event types, schedules, availability slots, bookings, calendars, and webhooks. REST + MCP ClickUp Teams, spaces, folders, lists, tasks, comments, tags, time tracking, and checklists. REST + MCP Customer.io Messaging automation across campaigns, broadcasts, transactional email, segments, customers, and message delivery. REST . View environments → Each environment is an independently built simulation of the service it represents, not the provider’s live service.. . . . Let your coding agents set you up. Paste the skill below into Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, or Devin. It starts secure signup, installs five verified skills, and checks access to every environment.. Get $20 in free usage. No card required. $5 arrives upon sign up and the remaining $15 when your first sandbox is ready.. Verified signup $5 . First sandbox ready +$15 . . For your coding agent Copy setup prompt . Set up Archal in this repository. 1. Detect whether I am using Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, or Devin. 2. Use target `portable` for Devin; it installs the verified Agent Skills bundle in `.agents/skills`. Otherwise use the matching target. 3. Run `npx --yes archal@0.11.3 connect --device --target <target> --non-interactive`. 4. Show me the verification URL and one-time code, then wait while I create or approve my account in the browser. 5. Do not continue until the command verifies all five skills and access to the complete Archal environment catalog. Do not modify application code or start an environment during setup. Only after the command exits successfully, reply exactly: Archal is connected and ready Create account in browser → . . . . . . . . Frequently asked questions. . What is a testing sandbox? An Archal sandbox is an isolated, time-bounded runtime containing one or more stateful environments. Each environment exposes familiar REST or MCP interfaces, retains mutations for the life of the sandbox, and can return to its declared starting state.. . . . Do I need a different API for every environment? No. One Archal API key creates and manages every sandbox and environment. Calls share one gateway while each environment keeps the familiar paths, methods, payloads, and response shapes your existing code expects.. . . . How stateful are the environments? State behavior varies by environment and operation. Available environments have a supported capability profile; environments in progress remain callable only where their documented behavior permits it. We do not claim complete upstream coverage without measured, dated evidence.. . . . Can one sandbox contain multiple environments? Yes. Choose every environment your workflow needs when you create the sandbox. Each environment receives its own endpoint and readiness state. Each environment costs $0.10 per minute.. . . . Does traffic ever reach the real provider? Environment traffic is routed to Archal-managed implementations, not your production accounts. Each environment profile documents any exceptional dependency or behavior before you use it.. . . . How does billing work? Self-serve usage has no subscription and requires no card to start. New accounts receive $5 after verified signup and another $15 when their first sandbox is ready. Each environment costs $0.10 per minute. Billing is prorated by the second; failed provisioning and cold-start time are free. Paid continuation is not yet available while its safety rollout remains disabled.. . . . . . . Start with one API key. Get started → . . Archal . Product. Environments . . Build. Docs . Quickstart . . Company. Contact . Book a call . . Archal is not affiliated with or endorsed by the providers shown. All trademarks belong to their respective owners.. . .