https://fly.io/blog/

The Fly Blog Hi, it's us, Fly.io. We hate these things as much as anyone, but the marketing gods demand conversion metrics. . We set analytics cookies to measure traffic and ad conversion on our marketing and docs pages. These cookies only cover logged-out visits, never what you do in the dashboard. . Read all about it in our Privacy Policy . . Reject Accept . . Need a Logo? View Our Brand Assets . Open main menu Articles . Blog Sprites Infra Log Security Customers Docs . Platform Docs Sprites Docs Community Status Pricing . Sign In Get Started RSS Feed . . Blog Sprites Infra Log Security Customers Platform Docs Sprites Docs (opens an external site) Community (opens an external site) Status (opens an external site) Pricing Sign In Get Started RSS Feed . . By Kurt Mackey . 6 min Read Your Agent Speaks MCP. Give It a Computer. . Sprites are a place to run agents; the first thing you should think to do with a new Sprite is to type claude (or gemini or codex). We’ve put a lot of effort into making sure coding agents feel safe and happy when they’re on Sprites, because, to (pro . Read more → . Read more . . . . By Kurt Mackey . 14 min Read Turn And Face The Strange . This is a complicated post. So I need you to promise me something: if you read past this introduction, you’ll read the whole rest of the way through. It’s an honor thing. A couple months back, Theo Browne ran a video rating the “best place to host a . Read more . Read more . By Daniel Botha . 7 min Read Building Agents that Don't Break Themselves . Building agents is fun. Rebuilding agents that break themselves... less so. A lot of Fly people are teaching their agents to do anything risky in a Sprite, so a wrong move trashes a sandbox instead of the host. Here's how. . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 8 min Read Litestream Writable VFS . Each time we write about it, we get a little bit better at golfing down a description of what Litestream is. Here goes: Litestream is a Unix-y tool for keeping a SQLite database synchronized with S3-style object storage. It’s a way of getting the spe . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 13 min Read The Design & Implementation of Sprites . Replacement-level homeowners buy boxes of pens and stick them in “the pen drawer”. What the elites know: you have to think adversarially about pens. “The purpose of a system is what it does”; a household’s is to uniformly distribute pens. Months fro . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 11 min Read Code And Let Live . My argument won’t make sense without showing you something new we’ve built. We’re all adults here, this is a company, we talk about what we do. Here goes. So, I want to run some code. So what I do is, I run sprite create. While it operates, I’ll exp . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 9 min Read Litestream VFS . Again with the sandwiches: assume we’ve got a SQLite database of sandwich ratings, and we’ve backed it up with Litestream to an S3 bucket. Now, on our local host, load up AWS credentials and an S3 path into our environment. Open SQLite and: . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 13 min Read You Should Write An Agent . There are big ideas in computing that are easy to get your head around. The AWS S3 API. It’s the most important storage technology of the last 20 years, and it’s like boiling water. Other technologies, you need to get your feet on the pedals first. . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek & Peter Cai . 13 min Read Corrosion . Several times a second, as customer CI/CD pipelines tear up or bring down Fly Machines, our state synchronization system blasts updates across our internal mesh, so that edge proxies from Tokyo to Amsterdam can keep the accurate routing table that al . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 7 min Read Kurt Got Got . We know. Our Twitter got owned. We knew within moments of it happening. We know exactly how it happened. Nothing was at risk other than our Twitter account (and one Fly.io employee’s self-esteem). Also: for fuck’s sake. Here’s what happened: Kurt M . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 8 min Read Litestream v0.5.0 is Here . Litestream is the missing backup/restore system for SQLite. It runs as a sidecar process in the background, alongside unmodified SQLite applications, intercepting WAL checkpoints and streaming them to object storage in real time. Your application doe . Read more . Read more . By Daniel Botha . 4 min Read Build Better Agents With MorphLLM . I’m an audiophile, which is a nice way to describe someone who spends their children’s college fund on equipment that yields no audible improvement in sound quality. As such, I refused to use wireless headphones for the longest time. The fun thing abo . Read more . Read more . By Daniel Botha . 10 min Read Trust Calibration for AI Software Builders . If we build things that our users trust too blindly, we risk facilitating dangerous or destructive interactions that can permanently turn users off. If they don’t trust our product enough, it will feel useless or less capable than it actually is. S . Read more . Read more . By Daniel Botha . 3 min Read Games as Model Eval: 1-Click Deploy AI Town on Fly.io . Benchmarks tell us almost nothing about how a model will actually behave in the wild, especially with long contexts, or when trusted to deliver the tone and feel that defines the UX we’re shooting for. Even the best evaluation pipelines usually end i . Read more . Read more . By Daniel Botha . 4 min Read The Future Isn't Model Agnostic . In my last project, I spent countless hours ensuring that the LLMs running my services could be swapped out as easily as possible. I couldn’t touch a device with an internet connection without hearing about the latest benchmark-breaking model and it . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord . 7 min Read Phoenix.new – The Remote AI Runtime for Phoenix . I wanted LLM agents to work just as well with Elixir as they do with Python and JavaScript. Last December, in order to figure out what that was going to take, I started a little weekend project to find out how difficult it would be to build a coding . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 9 min Read What are MCP Servers? . The introduction to Model Context Protocol starts out with: MCP is an open protocol that standardizes how applications provide context to LLMs. Think of MCP like a USB-C port for AI applications. Just as USB-C provides a standardized way to connect . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 16 min Read My AI Skeptic Friends Are All Nuts . Tech execs are mandating LLM adoption. That’s bad strategy. But I get where they’re coming from. Some of the smartest people I know share a bone-deep belief that AI is a fad — the next iteration of NFT mania. I’ve been reluctant to push back on the . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 3 min Read Using Kamal 2.0 in Production . Agile Web Development with Rails 8 is off to production, where they do things like editing, indexing, pagination, and printing. In researching the chapter on Deployment and Production, I became very dissatisfied with the content available on Kamal. I . Read more . Read more . By Peter Cai & Pavel Borzenkov . 22 min Read parking_lot: ffffffffffffffff... . The basic idea is simple: customers give us Docker containers, and tell us which one of 30+ regions around the world they want them to run in. We convert the containers into lightweight virtual machines, and then link them to an Anycast network. If y . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 8 min Read Litestream Revamped: SQLite Replication . Nearly a decade ago, I got a bug up my ass. I wanted to build full-stack applications quickly. But the conventional n-tier database design required me to do sysadmin work for each app I shipped. Even the simplest applications depended on heavy-weight . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 4 min Read Launching MCP Servers on Fly.io . The Model Context Protocol is days away from turning six months old. You read that right, six months old. MCP Servers have both taken the world by storm, and still trying to figure out what they want to be when they grow up. There is no doubt that M . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 6 min Read Provisioning Machines using MCPs . On Monday, I created my first fly volume using an MCP. For those who don’t know what MCPs are, they are how you attach tools to LLMs like Claude or Cursor. I added support for fly volume create to fly mcp server, and it worked the first time. A few h . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 4 min Read 30 Minutes With MCP and flyctl . well, Cursor built I built the most basic MCP server for flyctl I could think of. It took 30 minutes. MCP, for those unaware, is the emerging standard protocol for connecting an LLM (or an app that drives an LLM in the cloud, like Claude Desktop) to . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 10 min Read Our Best Customers Are Now Robots . It’s weird to say this out loud! For years, one of our calling cards was “developer experience”. We made a decision, early on, to be a CLI-first company, and put a lot effort into making that CLI seamless. For a good chunk of our users, it really is . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 15 min Read Operationalizing Macaroons . 1 We’ve spent too much time talking about security tokens, and about Macaroon tokens in particular. Writing another Macaroon treatise was not on my calendar. But we’re in the process of handing off our internal Macaroon project to a new internal owner . Read more . Read more . By Peter Cai . 7 min Read Taming A Voracious Rust Proxy . The basic idea of our service is that we run containers for our users, as hardware-isolated virtual machines (Fly Machines), on hardware we own around the world. What makes that interesting is that we also connect every Fly Machine to a global Anycas . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 10 min Read We Were Wrong About GPUs . A couple years back, we put a bunch of chips down on the bet that people shipping apps to users on the Internet would want GPUs, so they could do AI/ML inference tasks. To make that happen, we created Fly GPU Machines. A Fly Machine is a Docker/OCI . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 13 min Read The Exit Interview: JP Phillips . Question 1: Why, JP? Just why? LOL. When I looked at what I wanted to see from here in the next 3-4 years, it didn’t really match up with where we’re currently heading. Specifically, with our new focus on MPG [Managed Postgres] and [llm] [llm]. Edit . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 4 min Read A Blog, If You Can Keep It . Over the last 5 years, we’ve done pretty well for ourselves writing content for Hacker News. And that’s mostly been good for us. We don’t do conventional marketing, we don’t have a sales team, the rest of social media is atomized over 5 different sit . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 4 min Read Did Semgrep Just Get A Lot More Interesting? . This whole paragraph is just one long sentence. God I love just random-ass blogging again. This bit by Geoffrey Huntley is super interesting to me and, despite calling out that LLM-driven development agents like Cursor have something like a 40% succe . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 3 min Read VSCode’s SSH Agent Is Bananas . We’re interested in getting integrated into the flow VSCode uses to do remote editing over SSH, because everybody is using VSCode now, and, in particular, they’re using forks of VSCode that generate code with LLMs. ”hallucination” is what we call it . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord & José Valim . 8 min Read AI GPU Clusters, From Your Laptop, With Livebook . Let’s begin by introducing our cast of characters. Livebook is usually described as Elixir’s answer to Jupyter Notebooks. And that’s a good way to think about it. But Livebook takes full advantage of the Elixir platform, which makes it sneakily powe . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 8 min Read Accident Forgiveness . Public cloud billing is terrifying. The premise of a public cloud — what sets it apart from a hosting provider — is 8,760 hours/year of on-tap deployable compute, storage, and networking. Cloud resources are “elastic”: they’re acquired and released . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 6 min Read We're Cutting L40S Prices In Half . We just lowered the prices on NVIDIA L40s GPUs to $1.25 per hour. Why? Because our feet are cold and we burn processor cycles for heat. But also other reasons. Let’s back up. We offer 4 different NVIDIA GPU models; in increasing order of performanc . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 18 min Read Making Machines Move . At the heart of our platform is a systems design tradeoff about durable storage for applications. When we added storage three years ago, to support stateful apps, we built it on attached NVMe drives. A benefit: a Fly App accessing a file on a Fly Vo . Read more . Read more . By Moss Lilley . 10 min Read AWS without Access Keys . Let’s hypopulate you an app serving generative AI cat images based on the weather forecast, running on a g4dn.xlarge ECS task in AWS us-east-1. It’s going great; people didn’t realize how dependent their cat pic prefs are on barometric pressure, and . Read more . Read more . By Nolan Darilek . 14 min Read Picture This: Open Source AI for Image Description . Picture this, if you will. You’re blind. You’re in an unfamiliar hotel room on a trip to Chicago. If you live in Chicago IRL, imagine the hotel in Winnipeg, the Chicago of the North. You’ve absent-mindedly set your coffee down, and can’t remember w . Read more . Read more . By Lillian Berry . 10 min Read JIT WireGuard . One of many odd decisions we’ve made at Fly.io is how we use WireGuard. It’s not just that we use it in many places where other shops would use HTTPS and REST APIs. We’ve gone a step beyond that: every time you run flyctl, our lovable, sprawling CLI, . Read more . Read more . By Senyo Simpson & JP Phillips . 8 min Read Fly Kubernetes does more now . Fly Kubernetes is the “blessed path"™️ to using Kubernetes backed by Fly.io infrastructure. Or, in simpler terms, it is our managed Kubernetes service. We take care of the complexity of operating the Kubernetes control plane, leaving you with the unf . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 9 min Read Globally Distributed Object Storage with Tigris . There are three hard things in computer science: Cache invalidation Naming things Doing a better job than Amazon of storing files Of all the annoying software problems that have no business being annoying, handling a file upload in a full-stack a . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 2 min Read GPUs on Fly.io are available to everyone! . GPUs are now available to everyone! We know you’ve been excited about wanting to use GPUs on Fly.io and we’re happy to announce that they’re available for everyone. If you want, you can spin up GPU instances with any of the following cards: Ampere . Read more . Read more . By Chris Fidao . 6 min Read Event Driven Machines . Serverless is great because is has good ergonomics - when an event is received, a “not-server” boots quickly, code is run, and then everything is torn down. We’re billed only on usage. It turns out that Fly.io shares many of the same ergonomics as s . Read more . Read more . By Annie Sexton . 12 min Read Delegating tasks to Fly Machines . There are many ways to delegate work in web applications, from using background workers to serverless architecture. In this article, we explore a new machine pattern that takes advantage of Fly Machines and distinct process groups to make quick work . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 22 min Read Macaroons Escalated Quickly . 1 Let’s implement an API token together. It’s a design called “Macaroons”, but don’t get hung up on that yet. First some throat-clearing. Then: Wrap text Copy to clipboard import sys impor . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 12 min Read How Yoko Li makes towns, tamagoes, and tools for local AI . Hello all, and welcome to another episode of How I Fly, a series where I interview developers about what they do with technology, what they find exciting, and the unexpected things they’ve learned along the way. This time I’m talking with Yoko Li, an . Read more . Read more . By Kyle McLaren . 15 min Read Deploy Your Own (Not) Midjourney Bot on Fly GPUs . Some people daydream about normal things, like coffee machines or raising that Series A round (those are normal things to dream about, right?). I daydream about commanding a fleet of chonky NVIDIA Lovelace L40Ss. Also, totally normal. Well, fortunate . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 6 min Read Fly With Alpine . Before proceeding, a caution. This is an engineering trade-off. Test carefully before deploying to production. By the end of this blog post you should have the information you need to make an informed decision. Introduction Alpine Linux is a Linux . Read more . Read more . By Senyo Simpson . 10 min Read Introducing Fly Kubernetes . Update, March 2024: FKS does more stuff now, and you can read about it in Fly Kubernetes does more now We’ll own it: we’ve been snarky about Kubernetes. We are, at heart, old-school Unix nerds. We’re still scandalized by systemd. To make matters mor . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 7 min Read Fly.io has GPUs now . AI is pretty fly AI is apparently a bit of a thing (maybe even an thing come to think about it). We’ve seen entire industries get transformed in the wake of ChatGPT existing (somehow it’s only been around for a year, I can’t believe it either). It’s l . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 14 min Read What are these "GPUs" really? . Fly GPUs are deprecated and will be unavailable after August 1. GPU hardware will let our users run all sorts of fun Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML) workloads near their users. But, what are these “GPUs” really? What can they do? . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 12 min Read Scaling Large Language Models to zero with Ollama . Fly GPUs are deprecated and will be unavailable after August 1. Open-source self-hosted AI tools have advanced a lot in the past 6 months. They allow you to create new methods of expression (with QR code generation and Stable Diffusion), easy access . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord . 19 min Read Rethinking Serverless with FLAME . Imagine if you could auto scale simply by wrapping any existing app code in a function and have that block of code run in a temporary copy of your app. The pursuit of elastic, auto-scaling applications has taken us to silly places. Serverless/FaaS . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 15 min Read The risks of building apps on ChatGPT . The topic of “AI” gets a lot of attention and press. Coverage ranges from apocalyptic warnings to Utopian predictions. The truth, as always, is likely somewhere in the middle. As developers, we are the ones that either imagine ways that AI can be use . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 6 min Read Print on Demand . Scaling discussions often lead to recommendations to add more memory, more CPU, more machines, more regions, more, more, more. This post is different. It focuses instead on the idea of decomposing parts of your applications into event handlers, sta . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 2 min Read Launching to Victory . Previously when you ran fly launch, you got asked a bunch of hopefully relevant questions to help you get your app up and running. We’ve taken a lot of the guesswork out of the process and made it a lot more streamlined. It turns out that even though . Read more . Read more . By Xe Iaso . 6 min Read How I Fly . I’m Xe Iaso. I’m a writer, technical educator, and philosopher who focuses on making technology easy to understand and scale to your needs. I use Fly.io to host my website and in nearly all of my personal projects now. Fly.io allows me to experiment . Read more . Read more . By Chris Fidao . 9 min Read Transcribing on Fly GPU Machines . Fly.io has GPU Machines, which means we can finally run AI workloads with just a few API calls. This is exciting! . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 6 min Read Skip the API, Ship Your Database . My favorite part about building tools is discovering their unintended uses. It’s like starting to write a murder mystery book but you have no idea who the killer is! History is filled with examples of these accidental discoveries: WD-40 was original . Read more . Read more . By Joshua Sierles . 3 min Read Automated Sentry Error Tracking . We’ve been using Sentry since the dawn of the internet. Or at least as far back as the discovery of the Higgs boson. Project to project, the familiar Sentry issue detail screen has been our faithful debugging companion. Today it’s no exception: All . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 8 min Read Tracking Application-Level Consistency with LiteFS . When we started the LiteFS project a year ago, we started more with an ideal in mind rather than a specific implementation. We wanted to make it possible to not only run distributed SQLite but we also wanted to make it… gasp… easy! There were hurdle . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 5 min Read Multiple Logs for Resiliency . You’ve done everything right. You are well aware of Murphy’s Law. You have multiple redundant machines. You’ve set up a regular back up schedule for your database, perhaps even are using LiteFS CLoud. You ship your logs to LogTail or perhaps some o . Read more . Read more . By Ben Toews . 10 min Read Tokenized Tokens . We built some little security thingies. We’re open sourcing them, and hoping you like them as much as we do. In a nutshell: it’s a proxy that injects secrets into arbitrary 3rd-party API calls. We could describe it more completely here, but that woul . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 2 min Read Fly.io ❤️ Bun . Bun 1.0 comes out September 7th. Fly.io is making preparations. Previously, we stated that Fly.io ❤️ JS, and we understandably started with Node.js. While that work is ongoing, it makes sense to start expanding to other runtimes. Bun is the obvio . Read more . Read more . By Darla Magdalene Shockley & Ben Johnson . 9 min Read LiteFS Cloud: Distributed SQLite with Managed Backups . We love SQLite in production, and we’re all about running apps close to users. That’s why we created LiteFS: an open source distributed SQLite database that lives on the same filesystem as your application, and replicates data to all the nodes in you . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 6 min Read We Raised A Bunch Of Money . This past July, we raised $25MM from A16Z and our existing investors, including Intel Capital and Dell. Recently, we raised an additional $70MM led by EQT Ventures. Why do startups write announcements like these? We went back and forth on it. There a . Read more . Read more . By Darla Magdalene Shockley . 10 min Read Python Async Workers on Fly Machines . Last year, while working in what was my day job at the time (before I joined Fly.io!), we had just developed a new internal tool to help an adjacent team with their work. This adjacent team wrote technical content, and they had a lot of issues stemmi . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 11 min Read Vanilla with Candy Sprinkles . Recapping where we are to date: There are plenty of JavaScript frameworks to choose from, and fly.io loves them all. Pretty much all of the big name frameworks are delightfully weird. Picking up where we left off, this blog post will describe lite . Read more . Read more . By Chris Fidao . 7 min Read Playing Traffic Cop with Fly-Replay . The Fly Replay header is deceptively simple. All your app has to do is respond with a header, and the HTTP request gets re-ran somewhere else. It’s behind-the-scenes of some pretty interesting apps on Fly.io (we wrote about using it with Globally Di . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 7 min Read The JavaScript Ecosystem is Delightfully Weird . Note, I’m not saying that JavaScript is weird, though it definitely is weird. But that’s not the point of this blog post. Bear with me, instead of starting with how JavaScript ecosystem is weird, I’m going to start with why the JavaScript ecosystem . Read more . Read more . By Kátia Nakamura . 14 min Read Deploying LangChain to Fly.io . I hear about Large Language Models (LLM) everywhere these days! Do you? 🤔 LLMs are a type of natural language processing (NLP) technology that uses advanced deep learning techniques to generate human-like language. If you haven’t heard about LLMs, y . Read more . Read more . By Sam Ruby . 6 min Read Fly.io ❤️ JS . Fly.io is a great place to run fullstack applications. For most programming languages, there is a defacto default fullstack framework. For Ruby, there is Rails. For Elixir, there is Phoenix. For PHP there is Laravel. For Python, there is Django. . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 5 min Read Gossip Glomers . In the field of computer science, the industry is represented by two separate yet equally important groups: the software developers who build Rails applications and mobile games, and the academics who write theory papers about why the problems those . Read more . Read more . By Chris Fidao . 5 min Read Shipping Logs . Nearly all of our apps are puking output. Sometimes, it’s intentional. Often this output is in the form of structured logs. Logs are helpful for a variety of use cases - debugging, tracking, collating, correlating, coalescing, and condensing the ha . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 26 min Read Carving The Scheduler Out Of Our Orchestrator . So, you want to build an app to rate sandwiches. Well, the world has a lot of different sandwiches. Pit beefs in Baltimore, Tonkatsu sandos in Shinjuku, and Cemitas in Puebla. You want real-time sandwich telemetry, no matter the longitude of the sand . Read more . Read more . By Chris Nicoll . <1 min Read Fly.io is in Johannesburg . Did you know that we’re in Johannesburg? There’s rugby and cricket. Hearty kota and Gatsby sandwiches. Braai under sunny skies and low-latency full-stack apps. Front end, Postgres, Redis, the works: if your users support the Springboks and Banyana Ba . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 12 min Read SQLite WAL Mode, and How LiteFS Replicates It . By and large, SQLite is configuration-free. You can get pretty far by just using the default settings. As your application grows and you start tweaking settings, one of the first knobs you’ll come across is the journal mode. This setting determines h . Read more . Read more . By Joshua Sierles . 11 min Read Launching Redis by Upstash . We love databases that scale globally. As an ambivalent database provider, we built a global, automated Postgres, and we tinkered with global Redis on scrappy startup weekends. But the Fly.io forecast called for integration over invention. So we part . Read more . Read more . By Brad Gessler . 2 min Read Logbook: November 14 to December 5, 2022 . Build real-time applications on any backend with Replicache and Fly, run Cron on Fly, two LiveWire how-tos, and learn how Fly reluctantly built its Postgres database service. Ok, it’s been longer than a week since the last update because a lot of us . Read more . Read more . By Chris Nicoll & Shaun Davis . 17 min Read How We Built Fly Postgres . Fly.io is an ambivalent database provider—one might even use the word “reluctant”. The reasons for that are interesting, as is the way Fly Postgres works. When we relate this in conversations online, people are often surprised. So we thought we’d tak . Read more . Read more . By Dov Alperin . 8 min Read Real-Time Collaboration with Replicache and Fly-Replay . Imagine this: you have invented the best design tool since Figma. But before you can compete with the design-industry heavyweight, you need to be able to compete on one of Figma’s main propositions: real-time collaboration. You do some research and f . Read more . Read more . By Brad Gessler . 2 min Read Logbook: November 7 to November 14, 2022 . Automatically deploy Elixir apps to production with Github Actions CI and troubleshoot performance issues with OpenTelemetry. Help the Python community draft Django docs. Deploy S3-compatible object storage close to your Fly apps. Last week we got im . Read more . Read more . By Brad Gessler . 2 min Read Logbook: October 29 to November 6, 2022 . This week Redis gets some power-ups, Elixir confesses its love for React, Fly gets real about Postgres, Livewire gifts us with a few tutorials, and a many of us in North America didn’t have to change the clocks around our house because we convinced ou . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord . 13 min Read A love letter to React . It’s hard to overstate the impact React has had since its release in 2013. For me, React came with a few revelations. First was a reactive HTML-aware component model for building UIs. Second was colocated markup directly in the app code. Third, it fo . Read more . Read more . By Brad Gessler . 4 min Read Logbook: October 21 to 28, 2022 . Postgres docs improvements First up, some new documentation was created to run people through how to fail over a Postgres database. Performing a Failover Performing a Regional Failover “Getting Started” was updated to show how to setup a Postgres . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 12 min Read Introducing LiteFS . Full-stack developers are sleeping on SQLite, a database most devs think more suited to unit tests than production loads. That’s true enough for some apps. Most web apps are read-heavy, though, and we can use that to our advantage. With the right too . Read more . Read more . By Dov Alperin . 8 min Read Scale-to-Zero Minecraft server with Terraform and Fly Machines . Running a Minecraft server for friends has become an archetypal first foray into the workings of the Internet. For some it’s learning to expose the tender underbelly of a home network to outside connections. For others it’s exploring the world of VMs . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 15 min Read How the SQLite Virtual Machine Works . SQL is a weird concept. You write your application in one language, say JavaScript, and then send commands in a completely different language, called SQL, to the database. The database then compiles and optimizes that SQL command, runs it, and return . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 14 min Read How SQLite Scales Read Concurrency . If you scour Hacker News & Reddit for advice about databases, some common words of caution are that SQLite doesn’t scale or that it is a single-user database and it’s not appropriate for your web-scale application. Like any folklore, it has some his . Read more . Read more . By Lubien & Chris Nicoll . 21 min Read Building an In-Browser IDE the Hard Way . “Remote development environment!” Whether you reacted with a thrill of enthusiasm, a surge of derision or a waft of indifference, we’re not really here to change your mind. That phrase means a lot of different things at this point in history. The m . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 14 min Read How SQLite helps you do ACID . When database vendors recite their long list of features, they never enumerate “doesn’t lose your data” as one of those features. It’s just assumed. That’s what a database is supposed to do. However, in reality, the best database vendors tell you exa . Read more . Read more . By Chris Nicoll . 3 min Read Volume Expansion and Snapshot Restores . Fly Volumes are the persistent storage that makes it possible to run full stack apps entirely on the Fly.io platform, keeping your configuration, session or user data in place across deployments. Looking at them from another angle, volumes are space . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 14 min Read SQLite Internals: Pages & B-trees . Ok, I’ll admit it—I’m a SQLite shill. There are few holes that I don’t try to put a SQLite-shaped peg into. It’s not that I dislike other databases, they’re great. But SQLite is so easy to use and, more importantly, it’s simple. Simplicity leads to r . Read more . Read more . By Chris Fidao . 1 min Read Launching Laravel Bytes . Today we’re launching Laravel Bytes - our new home for anything Laravel. We’re excited to support deploying Laravel across the globe - and we have lots to talk about! We’ve already made it easy to run Laravel on Fly, but with the possibilities unlo . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord . 18 min Read How LiveView Took on a Life of Its Own . LiveView started with a simple itch. I wanted to write dynamic server-rendered applications without writing JavaScript. Think realtime validations on forms, or updating the quantity in a shopping cart. The server would do the work, with the client re . Read more . Read more . By The Fly.io Balloon . 7 min Read Logbook - 2022-07-18 . We have some real gems in this edition. Have you ever wished you could grow the storage volume on a Fly.io app? Now you can!! What about this one: Ever wished that the $99 Pro Plan would include $99 of usage credits? OK, that one may have been a li . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 25 min Read SOC2: The Screenshots Will Continue Until Security Improves . If you’re off getting your app up and running on Fly.io and finding your checkbook, great! I won’t get in your way. The rest of you, though, I want to talk to you about what SOC2 is and how it works. Spoiler: the SOC2 Starting Seven post held up pret . Read more . Read more . By Will Jordan . 20 min Read The Serverless Server . Fly.io isn’t a “Gartner Magic Quadrant” kind of company. We use terms like “FaaS” and “PaaS” and “serverless”, but mostly to dunk on them. It’s just not how we think about things. But the rest of the world absolutely does think this way, and I want t . Read more . Read more . By The Fly.io Balloon . 6 min Read Logbook - 2022-06-23 . We’ve had a lot of changelogs about our Phoenix/LiveView-based web UI in recent weeks. It’s pretty rad; we’ve been vocal about being CLI-first, but we love a first-class dashboard. Our dashboard has sprouted a lot of new capabilities, and at this poi . Read more . Read more . By Amos Wenger . 24 min Read How to make Rust leak memory (also: how to make it stop) . We have a Rust-based proxy. It was leaking memory. We fixed it, and we’ll talk about that, but to be really thorough, we’ll look at how loading a web page works. Starting with hardware interrupts. The downside of Thomas writing job postings is that t . Read more . Read more . By The Fly.io Balloon . 3 min Read Logbook - 2022-06-10 . Here’s our latest changelog. This week we’re putting the in-browser UI updates a little closer to all the other ones, to see if they’ll play nicely together. [Feature] Our WireGuard peers sync a lot faster with the kernel’s wg state, by adding only . Read more . Read more . By The Fly.io Balloon . 5 min Read Logbook - 2022-06-01 . Here’s our latest changelog. Looking back over the week, our forum community has been quite a driver of (logged) change. When you’re done here, head over there to be a part of it! [Feature] Created an example Node.js app to demonstrate how to expo . Read more . Read more . By The Fly.io Balloon . 5 min Read Logbook - 2022-05-26 . Work leading up to the Fly Machines launch involved a multitude of changes by many of the cogs in this corporate machine, but that’s not to say the other production lines have been idle. For one thing, our web UI has been transforming before our eyes . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 10 min Read Fly Machines: an API for fast-booting VMs . Fly Machines are VMs with a fast REST API that can boot instances in about 300ms. Our proxy can boot Fly Machines for you, and you can shut them down when they’re idle. Which means you can cost-effectively create VMs and keep them standing by to ha . Read more . Read more . By The Fly.io Balloon . 2 min Read Logbook - 2022-05-13 . [Feature] Provisioned new servers in syd, iad, and dfw which were very full. Added capacity should mean customers should no longer get provisioning issues when trying to deploy to these regions. [Feature] The account deactivation page now asks users . Read more . Read more . By Ben Johnson . 15 min Read I'm All-In on Server-Side SQLite . The conventional wisdom of full-stack applications is the n-tier architecture, which is now so common that it’s easy to forget it even has a name. It’s what you’re doing when you run an “application server” like Rails, Django, or Remix alongside a “d . Read more . Read more . By Chris Nicoll . 5 min Read Logbook - 2022-05-05 . Features and fixes are flying like dodgeballs in a school gym, and the Fly.io Changelog Enforcer could probably have done a better job patrolling—but let’s have a look at our haul of updates since our first Logbook post. There’s a fair amount of pr . Read more . Read more . By Nolan Darilek . 10 min Read Accessibility and Real-time Apps: Clearing Fog and Picking Fruit . Hey, everyone. Last time we talked a bit about what accessibility is, why it’s important, and how you can incorporate it into your process. Today, using the time-travel superpowers of Git, I’ll take you along as I start making LiveBeats more accessib . Read more . Read more . By Chris Nicoll . 6 min Read Logbook - 2022-04-20 . Here’s a changelog covering our most recent activity (i.e. since we started compiling updates, a bit under two weeks ago): [Feature] Added extra capacity in IAD. [Feature] Backup regions (by far our most confusing misfeature) are now disabled by de . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 21 min Read A Foolish Consistency: Consul at Fly.io . We set the scene, as usual, with sandwiches. Dig if you will the picture: a global Sandwich Bracket application, ascertaining once and for all the greatest sandwich on the planet. Fly.io wants our app, sandwich-bracket, deployed close to users aroun . Read more . Read more . By Nolan Darilek . 9 min Read Accessibility for real-time web apps . Like every developer, I rely on a number of products and services to manage and promote my many side projects. But I’ve had more than one neat idea go down in flames because I simply couldn’t use the amazing, must-have service that would have made . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 19 min Read Our User-Mode WireGuard Year . WireGuard is fundamental to how Fly.io works. Along with Firecracker and Rust, it’s one of the three “interesting” technical choices we’ve made. Practically everything that talks to anything else at Fly.io does so over WireGuard. That goes for use . Read more . Read more . By Lubien & Chris Nicoll . 8 min Read Turbocharge your Heroku Apps with New Turboku . In early 2020, before we launched our VM platform, we made a little landing page called Turboku. It was a one-click launcher to deploy a Heroku app on Fly.io. It let people try us out without spending time porting an app. Many of our first customers . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord . 12 min Read LiveBeats: Building a social music app with Phoenix LiveView . We decided that 2022 was a good year to ship a full-stack Phoenix reference app. The “full stack” metaphor has progressed beyond its humble beginnings of some REST endpoints and sprinkles of JS and CSS. Showing off a todo app is also no longer state . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey & Chris Nicoll . 4 min Read Free Postgres Databases . Update, September 2026: the free Postgres allowance described in this 2022 post is gone. New accounts get a free trial instead, and today we recommend Managed Postgres for most apps. We like building side projects and also hate paying for hosting for . Read more . Read more . By Lubien . 3 min Read Self-service account deactivation: why it’s harder than you would think . We’ve just introduced a self-service UI for deleting your Fly.io account. From time to time people ask us to deactivate their account. It happens! Maybe you just tried a walkthrough out of interest, or you created a new account with a different name . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 3 min Read Launching Livebook using LiveView . The Livebook launcher was super fun to create. Everything happens in a single LiveView process. There was a problem though… it wasn’t great if we were in the middle of deploying the app for the user and one these things happened: User hits “refresh . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord . 3 min Read How Safari Ruined My Tuesday . Safari 15 shipped in September 2021 and included an obscure CSS bug that broke most LiveView applications. The LiveView client operates in two modes – connected, when it can talk to the server over websockets, and disconnected when offline. When Live . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 17 min Read 32 Bit Real Estate . Two obvious costs of running Internet apps for users on your own hardware: hardware and bandwidth. We buy big servers and run them in racks at network providers that charge us to route large volumes of traffic using BGP4 Anycast. You probably have at . Read more . Read more . By Chris McCord . 21 min Read How We Got to LiveView . LiveView strips away layers of abstraction, because it solves both the client and server in a single abstraction. HTTP almost entirely falls away. No more REST. No more JSON. No GraphQL APIs, controllers, serializers, or resolvers. You just write HTM . Read more . Read more . By Michael Dwan . 6 min Read Fly.io Is Hiring Full-Stack Developers . We’re working on super fun problems and are looking for more people to join us. In particular: we’re looking for full-stack developers. We expect this will be a good role for early-to-mid-level career developers. Some Background Fly.io’s users intera . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 29 min Read API Tokens: A Tedious Survey . This is not really a post about Fly.io, though I’ll talk about us a little up front to set the scene. The last several weeks of my life have been about API security. I’m working on a new permissions system for Fly.io, and did a bunch of researc . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 8 min Read Better Business Intelligence in Elixir with Livebook . As a developer, has your manager ever come and asked a question like, “How much money are we making?” If you were a line-of-business developer at a global insurance company, you’d reach for your handy, nosebleed-expensive Business Intelligence (BI) s . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 3 min Read FYI: Phoenix drops webpack and npm for esbuild . The Phoenix Framework is the go-to web framework for Elixir developers. A recent PR was merged that replaces the use of node, npm, and webpack with esbuild. For those new to esbuild, it is written in Go so it compiles to native code and runs really f . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 10 min Read Last Mile Redis . 100 milliseconds is the magic number. For a backend application, a sub-100ms response time is effectively instantaneous, and people love using “instant” apps. Since we’re all dirty capitalists, we’d add: if people love your app, you’ll make more mone . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 2 min Read FYI: Livebook 0.2 with Kino . Livebook 0.2 was released. The big news here was the announcement of “Kino” (meaning “cinema”). It’s a client-side focused feature that animates data changes. José Valim created a video demonstrating some of the new Livebook features. Use this link to . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey & Kurt Mackey . 13 min Read Globally Distributed Postgres . This is a story about a cool hack we came up with at Fly. The hack lets you do something pretty ambitious with full-stack applications. What makes it cool is that it’s easy to get your head around, and involves just a couple moving parts, assembled i . Read more . Read more . By Alexander Koutmos . 9 min Read Monitoring Elixir Apps on Fly.io With Prometheus and PromEx . Fly.io takes Docker containers and converts them into fleets of Firecracker micro-vms running in racks around the world. If you have a working Docker container, you can run it close to your users, whether they’re in Singapore or Amsterdam, with just . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 6 min Read Observing Elixir in Production . Elixir, Erlang, and really just the BEAM has a feature called “Observer”. It’s fun showing it to people new to Elixir because it’s just so cool! It’s a WxWidgets graphical interface that connects in realtime to a running Erlang node and lets you “obs . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 7 min Read Livebook is a secret weapon for documentation . Every application has that core, most important thing that it does. It is the reason the application exists. It’s that central idea that everything else is there to support. A major hurdle for new developers joining a project can be understanding an . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 11 min Read Hooking Up Fly Metrics . We’ve written a bit, for a general audience, about how Fly collects and manages metrics. If you’re just sort of generally interested in metrics and observability, go read that first. Meanwhile, if you’re a Fly user, or considering becoming such a us . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 13 min Read Fly's Prometheus Metrics . We should talk a bit about metrics and measurement and stuff, because they’re how we all know what’s going on. There’s two reasons we’ve written this post. The first is just that we think this stuff is interesting, and that the world can always use . Read more . Read more . By Mark Ericksen . 8 min Read Building a Distributed Turn-Based Game System in Elixir . One of the best things about building web applications in Elixir is LiveView, the Phoenix Framework feature that makes it easy to create live and responsive web pages without all the layers people normally build. Many great Phoenix LiveView examples . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 14 min Read Docker without Docker . Even though most of our users deliver software to us as Docker containers, we don’t use Docker to run them. Docker is great, but we’re high-density multitenant, and despite strides, Docker’s isolation isn’t strong enough for that. So, instead, we tra . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 14 min Read The 5-hour CDN . The term “CDN” (“content delivery network”) conjures Google-scale companies managing huge racks of hardware, wrangling hundreds of gigabits per second. But CDNs are just web applications. That’s not how we tend to think of them, but that’s all they ar . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 12 min Read SSH and User-mode IP WireGuard . But Fly is kind of an odd duck. We run hardware in data centers around the world, connected to the Internet via Anycast and to each other with a WireGuard mesh. We take Docker-type containers from users and transmogrify them into Firecracker micro-VM . Read more . Read more . By Jerome Gravel-Niquet & Thomas Ptacek & Jerome Gravel-Niquet . 12 min Read Persistent Storage and Fast Remote Builds . If you’ve been keeping up with us at Fly, you may be picking up on a bit of a narrative with us. Fly launched, in the long-long-ago, with a somewhat narrow use case. We took containers from our customers and transmogrified them into fleets of Firecra . Read more . Read more . By Jerome Gravel-Niquet . 5 min Read The Tokio Upgrade from 0.2 to 1.x . At Fly.io, we run a Rust-based load-balancer which handles almost all of our traffic. It stands on the shoulders of Tokio and Hyper. When the Tokio team announced 0.3 and then 1.0, we figured we’d have to upgrade sooner than later to access related cr . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek & Dj Walker-Morgan & Thomas Ptacek . 10 min Read You should know about Server-Side Request Forgery . This is a post about the most dangerous vulnerability most web applications face, one step that we took at Fly to mitigate it, and how you can do the same. Server-side request forgery (SSRF) is application security jargon for “attackers can get you . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read The January 2021 Fly ChangeLog . If you missed 2020, lucky you, to get you all caught up, here’s our Previously On Fly segment. Caught up? Good. And now here is the Fly ChangeLog, covering the end of December 2020 to January 2021. 6PN Networking and IPv6 WireGuard VPNs Let your ap . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read Fly In 2020 - A year in features (and articles) . TL:DR; Launch, Turboku, Custom Domains, Scaling, One-Click Apps, Persistent Storage, Private Networking and WireGuard VPNs. Fly’s had an unprecedented year, along with everyone else. For us, it was bringing our Application Platform to the world, and . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read How to build a global message service with NATS . There are actually two examples that make up this example. One example is a Websocket-based chat that relays its messages through that NATS cluster. The other part is that NATS cluster, configured as a global messaging cluster that you can install in . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 16 min Read Building clusters with serf, my new favorite thing . Assume for a second we’d like to see what happens when a web page loads in a browser in Singapore. Easy enough; Fly.io will take a container image you throw at it, transform it into a Firecracker VM, and run it in Singapore. Getting Up And Running We . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read Get fly with your Fly command line . The command… It started off as flyctl but we kept being asked when would the command become fly. “Why not both?” we said and now, on most platforms, you can use flyctl or fly interchangeably. Boom! Three keystrokes saved! The current app… You alread . Read more . Read more . By Michael Dwan . 4 min Read Graceful VM exits, some dials . Fly apps are typically fast to boot, and it’s relatively easy to boot new VMs. We start them up, do some health checks, and then add them to our load balancer and DNS service discovery. But what comes up must go down. We shut VMs down for any number . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 12 min Read IPv6 WireGuard Peering . They say that when you’re starting a product company, it’s a better plan to chase down something a bunch of people will really love a lot than it is to try to build something that everyone will just like a little bit. So when Fly.io launched, it had . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 5 min Read New VMs: more RAM, extra CPU, and a dollar menu . We first showed Fly.io VMs to developers in early 2020. They were most interested in running CPU intensive apps doing image processing, machine learning predictions, and even video transcoding (despite what were, until recently, offensive bandwidth p . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 6 min Read 6PN: Private IPv6 Networking for Fly Apps . More often than not, modern applications are really ensembles of cooperating services, running independently and transacting with each other over the network. At Fly.io, we’d like it to be not just possible to express these kinds of applications, but . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 5 min Read We cut bandwidth prices. Go nuts. . When we launched Fly way back in March, we charged $0.085 per GB to send data out from North America and Europe, and $0.14 per GB for Asia Pacific. Our volume has increased dramatically and pushed our unit costs down, so we lowered our prices as of D . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 3 min Read The November Fly Changelog . Example Applications We’ve been focussing on getting more example applications for Fly into your hands. Each guide is complete with a walkthrough of how they were put together so you can see the power of Fly in action. Or you can hop straight to the G . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read More Appkata Examples to Try on Fly . The latest additions to our Appkata collection of example apps have landed and they cover how to fit Fly to your selected applications and are some super useful apps anyway. So let’s dive in. Node-RED Ever wanted to be able to dive into your cloud ap . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read Appkata - Example Apps on Fly . To build a modern application, you need to know how to take down your technical challenges in style. It’s a style we call Appkata! Over the coming weeks, we’ll be sharing with you the moves you need to deploy apps onto Fly that let you build faster. . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 3 min Read Fly Answers Questions - Suspend, Resume, Restart and Redis . Q: I’d like to park my Fly application for a little while so it isn’t consuming resources. How can I do this without destroying the application and redeploying it later? A: As you’ll have noticed, Fly applications stay running all the time ready to . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read The October Fly Changelog: Preview Disks and DNS and Better Builtins . Disks in Preview If your application needs to have persistent storage, then the currently in preview volumes feature is for you. The volumes command allows you to create persistent disks for your application. These persist between restarts, deployment . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 18 min Read BPF, XDP, Packet Filters and UDP . Imagine for a moment that you run a content distribution network for Docker containers. You take arbitrary applications, unmodified, and get them to run on servers close to their users around the world, knitting those servers together with WireGuard. . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 7 min Read Fly Behind The Scenes: Fresh Logging . Since Fly launched, we’ve been collecting and managing logs for all the applications running on the Fly platform. It’s a critical but often rarely noted function of the platform. When you type flyctl logs, behind the scenes, there is a lot of comput . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 7 min Read Stuff Your Pi-Hole From Anywhere . A Pi-Hole could be the hero of your web connection. It blocks advertising at the roots; the DNS roots that is. By setting up your own Pi-Hole, you can tip all your local network’s requests for known advertising domains down it. What is Pi-Hole? Thin . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read Maps, Apps, and Tracks . Marathons, long and hard. Personally, I wouldn’t be caught doing one, but I’m always up to help someone who is, especially when I can use a bit of Fly to do it. Steve, our global infrastructure whiz, asked if I could think of a good way to track M . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 5 min Read The September Fly Changelog: New Names and Easier Updates . Some common requests are addressed this month. One is ‘can you let us type “fly” instead of “flyctl”?’, and it is a shorter command, that is true. Another is can you ‘make updating flyctl easier?’, something we are more than happy to do. And in Septe . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 5 min Read Using Heroku Postgres From A Fly App . Heroku supports applications with no apps in them and only add-ons, like Postgres, as a way of providing those services to other applications. As we showed, you can access Heroku Postgres from Fly so it makes it a useful way to get yourself a databa . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 6 min Read Migrating Heroku Database Apps To Fly . I was recently asked how the database migration in the original Turboku demo worked. For that original demo, the migration was practically automatic. We already knew that you could access a Heroku database from outside Heroku. Since then, Changes in . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read Always Be Connecting (with HTTPS) . At Fly, you’ll have already discovered that when you create an app, it appears as http://appname.fly.dev and if you connect there, your browser switches automatically, by redirection, to https://appname.fly.dev. That’s how we do it for the fly.dev . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read More Fly Answers To Questions . Q: Is it ok to run non-HTTP apps on Fly? From Pier via community.fly.io A: It is, with one caveat: your applications need to have a network service of some kind. Why is that? Well, when your app deploys, we run health checks to ensure you can connec . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 5 min Read Flyctl Builtins - The Fly Changelog for August . For the latest version of flyctl, we’ve focussed on making your life fast and simple. From getting your first deployment up and running to setting up a host’s certificate. Builtins First up, we’ve got the new “builtin” builders which you can select w . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 18 min Read Sandboxing and Workload Isolation . Workload isolation makes it harder for a vulnerability in one service to compromise every other part of the platform. It has a long history going back to 1990s qmail, and we generally agree that it’s a good, useful thing. Despite a plethora of isola . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 5 min Read Serve small with Fly.io and GoStatic . Static websites are great for carrying unchanging content, be it assets, images, fonts or even, as in this case, an entire site. Well, I say entire site, but if you saw my last article, you’ll know I recently rebranded a Maker organization and needed . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 8 min Read Hugo's There - Flying with Hugo and Caddy . There I was wondering what to do about a website for a new community venture I was running where I thought, yes, let’s generate the site with Hugo, serve it with Caddy and run it all on Fly. Why Hugo and Caddy? Well, they both have good reputations as . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read Flyctl Evolved - Fly Changelog . This flyctl release brings in some big changes in the command structure as we move to an app-centric command style. What does that mean? Well, the apps subcommand is being deprecated; we’ve kept it in place for this release but now all its commands h . Read more . Read more . By Kurt Mackey . 1 min Read Run Apollo Server Close to Your Users . I’m a newly minted GraphQL convert. We built Fly on top of GraphQL and the experience turned me into a shameless cheerleader. An API format with static typing? That’s my jam. (If you don’t care for JAMStack puns you can just go read our guide on bui . Read more . Read more . By Thomas Ptacek . 14 min Read How CDNs Generate Certificates . It’s been a hectic first couple of weeks at Fly, and I’m writing things up as I go along, because if I have to learn, so do you. This is going to be a bit of a meander; you’ll have to deal. Let’s start with “what’s Fly?” Briefly: Fly is a content del . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 5 min Read Flyctl meets JSON . Say hello to --json or -j for short. This new flag attempts to present all output from flyctl as JSON. If a command queries the Fly GraphQL API, you’ll get the JSON data from that call in your output. If a command shows you logs, you’ll get the logs . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 3 min Read Fly Changelog for 9th June . In this edition: a new way to install flyctl (and native Windows installers), new commands in flyctl that let you restart, list and monitor applications, an improved open command and an important update to the Deno Buildpack. Flyctl New instruction . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Changelog for 29th May . You can get the Changelog in the blog or through an RSS feed of just changelog updates available on fly.io/changelog.xml. There’s also a dedicated ChangeLog page with all the recent updates. Most of this week’s changelog items are covered in an recen . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read Fly - Now With Power Pause . What’s a pause for? When you start building your applications, there may come a point where you don’t want to keep your application running - mothballing while another project happens, schedule delays, or just plain wanting to manage your costs. Tha . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 8 min Read WebSockets and Fly . WebSockets are powerful things for creating interactive applications. Example Zero for WebSocket examples is the chat application. This leverages WebSockets’ ability to keep a connection alive over a long period of time while bidirectionally passing . Read more . Read more . By Dylan Jhaveri . 4 min Read Mux, Fly, Wocket and RTMP . Wocket (WebSocket to RTMP) This project is a proof-of-concept to demonstrate how you can stream live from your browser to an RTMP server. Streaming via RTMP is how you stream to Twitch, Youtube Live, Facebook Live, and other live streaming platforms . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Changelog May 15th 2020 . Since the last ChangeLog, we implemented a whole new scaling system with updates to the platform and flyctl. You can read all the details in the Updating Scale article. We’ve also been improving the performance of our backhaul, which moves traffice b . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 6 min Read Deno on Fly . We’ve been working with Deno for Fly for a while and its great blend of TypeScript, V8, Rust and simplicity makes for a great app experience. And great apps deserve a great deployment. We enjoy Deno so much that when we brought out our first cloud na . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 5 min Read Updating Scale . We have been recently looking at how scaling commands work on Fly and we’ve come up with a new system with a simpler model and more compact command set to work with. We’d like to introduce it to you today. The Scaling System Previously, at least in t . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Changelog 1st May 2020 . Since the last ChangeLog, we’ve introduced some enhancements to flyctl which make it easier to deploy tagged local and remote images directly to Fly. There is also a new load-balancing algorithm in operation which should be more effective with widely . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 8 min Read Deno on Fly using Buildpacks . . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Imaginary on Fly, just One-click . Warning: This document is old! It is likely wrong in some important way. The folks behind Imaginary have worked with Fly and they also added the one-click launcher to their README on GitHub so that potential Imaginary users can be up, converting, res . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Changelog 17th April 2020 . This past week has been one focused on the Fly infrastructure with earlier certificate renewals now in place and a dedicated Changlog page. We also made time to bring in some user contributed changes to the flyctl which make debugging fly.toml file . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Changelog 9th April 2020 . 7th April 2020 FlyCtl – v0.0.115 released Buildkit support. Setting environment variable DOCKER_BUILDKIT to 1 will enable use of the v2 buildkit backend which performs async parallel builds. For compatibility, DOCKER_BUILDKIT defaults to 0. The - . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 3 min Read Powerbuilding with Fly . Identifying your build When you deploy, the flyctl application looks for instructions to build the image in a Dockerfile or creates a builder VM to do the image build. Let’s start with the flags that control where flyctl looks for things. -c, –confi . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 3 min Read Fly Answers More Questions . Q: What if I get a large number of malicious TCP connections from around the world that are malicious and cause a large number of apps to be launched in the various datacenters. Are we on the hook for the bill? And is there anything in place to stop . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 9 min Read Making Datasets Fly with Datasette and Fly . I’ve always liked finding a good dataset. With a background in databases and writing, I know a good dataset can bring a demo to life, be it a census of Squirrels in Central Park or a survey of grocery purchases in London. Datasets can also provide va . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 5 min Read Continuous Deployment with GitLab . Starting with Continuous Deployment to Fly To deploy to Fly you essentially need four things The application you want to deploy. A runnable copy of flyctl. A fly.toml file. Your Fly API Token. For this example, we’ll deploy hellofly, our small Go . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read Fly Answers Questions . Q: Can I set up a custom hostname or domain with Fly? A: You can. In fact you can set up as many of them on an application as you like. When you create a custom hostname on Fly and validate it, you also get Let’s Encrypt certificates automatically. Yo . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 4 min Read Scaling Fly for All . Update 15/May/2020: The contents of this article have been superceded by a new scaling system on Fly. We’ve refined the scaling models and commands to make things simpler to use. To read about these changes see the article on the updated scale system . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read How to do Custom Domains with Fly . In Custom Domains with Fly, you’ll learn how to configure an NGINX server to proxy traffic to external sites and how to attach host and domain names to your Fly applications using Fly’s command line flyctl. For those of you who practice devops and . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Friday - News and Tips . This week with Fly: We show you how to use Fly to build your own GraphQL APIs. Firefox is switching DNS over HTTPS (DoH) on by default in the USA. We already have a great guide to using Fly as your private DoH service. Fly’s new community portal for . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read GraphQL, Hasura and Fly . Hasura gives you an open source GraphQL backend which can make it simple to query PostgreSQL by helping you map all your schemas and roles. It also rolls in the ability to query other GraphQL services so you can mix in services. With an interactive c . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Friday - Customizing with Dockerfiles . We deployed Docker’s official httpd image in our first Fly Friday video. That image, when run, serves up files from its /usr/local/apache2/html. By default the image contains the words “It works”. If we want it to say something else, we need to copy . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 1 min Read Fly Friday - Flyctl and Ports . TL;DR: The -p flag is used with flyctl apps create when you create a Fly app for the first time. Setting -p with a numeric value automatically sets the internal port of the generated fly.toml configuration file. The internal port is the port your a . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read Simpler Fly deployments for NodeJS, Rails, Go, and Java . A Speedrun for everyone Let’s get straight down to it. Make sure you have the latest version of flyctl and then get a Node application like this version of our hello world example - “hellonode-builder”. Wrap text . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 2 min Read Turboku - The Art Of Faster Heroku Apps . The next question is how can they move their application the Fly. For that we’ve created “Turboku”, a simple way to bring your Heroku apps to Fly. What we do is take your Heroku web dynos and turn them into Fly applications automatically. That . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . 3 min Read Command Lines, Flyctl and Fly . Why Command Lines? As we’ve developed Fly, we’ve seen numerous benefits that come from driving the service through the command line. Our newest addition to our command armory is the flyctl command which now, quite literally, covers the entire lifecycl . Read more . Read more . By Dj Walker-Morgan . <1 min Read Welcome To Fly In 2020 . Check out our all new documentation for the Fly platform which covers everything from creating Apps you can deploy to Fly to how to take existing Docker images and setting them free across the globe. If you have any questions, drop a line to us on su . Read more . Read more . . . Company About Pricing Jobs News Articles Blog Infra Log Resources Docs Support Support Metrics Status Contact GitHub Twitter Community Legal Security Privacy policy Terms of service Acceptable Use Policy Cookie preferences . . Copyright © 2026 Fly.io.