https://www.jitx.com/about

JITX - About Plans. About. Careers. Blog. Login. Schedule demo. . . . . . . Our Vision. Our vision at JITX is to automate hardware design for the benefit of science and the welfare of humanity.. . . . . JITX is a team that is building next‑generation software to help companies design better electronics. Dedicated to solving difficult problems with huge impact, our first step is to automate circuit board design. We are a rapidly growing series-A startup, backed by Y Combinator and Sequoia.. . . Meet the Team. Duncan Haldane. Co-founder/CEO. Duncan started working on JITX because he wanted a better way to design robots. While he was at Berkeley he started collaborating with Jonathan on better design tools for origami robots. Duncan's work in robotics won him a best-paper award from the IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems and a Guinness World Record. Since co-founding JITX he has been working on sales, marketing, strategy, fundraising and recruiting. . MS and PhD Mechanical Engineering - University of California, Berkeley. BS Mechanical Engineering - Florida State University. . . . Jonathan Bachrach. Co-founder/Engineering Leader. Jonathan is the creative director of JITX working on amazing new algorithms for physical design automation, and planning out the future for long-term impact. He's a thought leader in design tools, with a 35-year-long track record. He led the Chisel project at UC Berkeley, and previously co-founded Other Lab. Research scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for 8 years, he has held postdocs as ICSI and Stanford, and was a researcher at IRCAM. He studied cognitive science, computer science, and visual arts.. MS and PhD Computer Science - University of Massachusetts at Amherst. BS Computer Science - University of California, San Diego. . . . Patrick Li. Co-founder/Advisor. Patrick is a co-founder and an advisor to JITX, designing some of our trickier algorithmic problems. He previously developed FIRRTL, the intermediate representation of Chisel3.. PhD Computer Science from University of California, Berkeley. MASc Machine Learning - University of Toronto. B.Eng Electrical Engineering - University of Calgary. . . . . . Erwin Lau. Senior Software Engineer. Erwin is an industry veteran since the analog TV era and is passionate about everything related to STEM and startups. He worked in Embedded Systems, IPTV, and EdTech industries. Erwin enjoys reading, playing board games, hiking, and watching mind-bending mystery dramas.. The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, B.Sc., Electronics . . . . Ariel Hirschberg. Senior Software Engineer. Ariel is a software engineer at JITX, who loves diving into algorithms and language design. With his development of CAD importers and JITX language features, he is committed to seamless expression of hardware intentions through software. If Ariel is away from his desk, he's either out jump roping or observing the next caterpillar that crawled through his garden. . University of California, Berkeley, BA, Computer Science. ‍. . . . Bhusan Gupta. Hardware Architect. Bhusan is a hardware architect at JITX with the responsibility of bridging the hardware/software divide. His broad background spanning IC chip design, PCB design, firmware, test and packaging provides him a unique perspective to improve the tools at JITX. When he isn't working, he enjoys running, biking, tennis, and fixing (mostly) broken things. . California Institute of Technology, MS & PhD Electrical Engineering,. University of California, Berkeley, BS Electrical Engineering, . . . . Jason Watson. Senior Software Engineer. Jason is a software engineer at JITX focusing on DevOps and automation. He has been involved with several tech startups in the past and loves the culture of a great startup like JITX. He enjoys building things: from fully automated cloud computer systems to electronics to the zen of motorcycle maintenance. He volunteers at a local humane society and is both a cat and dog person.. Southern Polytechnic State University. BS, Computer Science. . . . Forrest Green. Senior Software Engineer. Forrest is passionate about learning and developing novel algorithms and turning those into robust and maintainable software. He’s previously worked on robot assistants for healthcare workers, developed CAD/CAM software, and done research on physical limits of computation. Outside of work, Forrest enjoys puzzles, games, reading sci fi, LEGO, and spending time with his family.. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, M.Eng. in Computer Science and Electrical Engineer, . Massachusetts Institute of Technology, B.S. in Computer Science and Electrical Engineer. . . . Shantanu Agarwal. Software Engineer. Shantanu loves solving challenging technical problems. Before switching to software engineering, he did research in number theory. His mathematical training enables him to convert vague real world problems into precise abstract questions that can be solved using first principles. Outside of work, Shantanu enjoys tabletop and video games, reading, tennis and boxing. He also dabbles in making music and art.. University of Iowa, PhD, Mathematics. Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, Integrated M.Sc., Mathematics. ‍. . . . Aashna Parakh. Software Engineer. Aashna is a software engineer who gets excited to learn whatever new you throw at her. She aims at being able to use her creativity to demystify problems and help find sturdy solutions. She brings learnings from the audio software industry. When not in front of a screen, you will find her curled up with a hot cup of coffee and a good book, trying out a new recipe, or out enjoying the fresh air. . University of Texas - Dallas, MS Computer Science. ‍. . . . Kenneth Chang. Chief of Staff. Kenneth began his career in R&D as a microelectronics IC designer in analog and digital design, working at large and startup SoC semiconductor companies. He is an EDA veteran with leadership roles at Cadence, Synopsys, and Altair. Most recently, at Amazon Web Services (AWS), he led and helped software partners accelerate business development initiatives and revenue. Outside of work, Kenneth enjoys hiking, sports and teaching music.. Carleton University, B.Eng., Electrical Engineering. . . . Fredrik Alstromer. Chief Technology Officer. Fredrik dabbles in anything and everything technology related, has been around computers and programming his entire life, with one of the earliest memories being 'LOAD "Outrun",1,1'. He has experience with a broad range of industries, from telecom to cyber security, but never lost sight of game development and computer graphics.. Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden, MS in Engineering Physics. ‍. . . . . . We are hiring. We are looking for amazing people to join us at JITX.. Careers at JITX. . . . . Product. Documentation Plans . Company. About Us Careers Blog Contact Us . . . Copyright © 2026 JITX. All rights reserved.. . Privacy Policy Terms of Service . . . Subscribe to our Newsletter and hear about the latest updates. Subscribe Now. . . Thank you! Please look forward to hearing about our developments!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.. . . . . . . . Cookie Settings