https://zerocater.com/about/

Helping companies build a better workplace through food | Zerocater . . . MENU . . . Products Our Products. Cater AI Instantly build menus, book onsite staff, and plan themed decor . Corporate Catering Curated daily catered meals offering a white-glove dining experience . Corporate Cafeterias Chef-led onsite dining, curated snacks, and managed barista coffee bars . Event Catering Diverse event catering with onsite staffing and decor for any type of event . . . . . . Cities We Feed Cities We Feed. San Francisco Bay Area Tasty meals your company loves from farm to table grain bowls for lunch to the best local chinese for dinner. . New York City Exciting meals your company loves from authentic pizza for lunch to delicious everything bagels for breakfast. . Austin Hearty meals your company loves from the best local barbeque for lunch to breakfast tacos for an early morning all hands. . Boston Fresh meals your company loves from fresh lobster rolls for lunch to hearty clam chowder for an evening meeting. . Los Angeles Healthy meals your company loves from poke bowls for lunch to tasty tacos for a late company dinner. . Chicago Classic meals your company loves from a hearty deep dish pizza for lunch to a delicious chicago-style hot dog for dinner. . Washington D.C. Delicious meals your company loves from japanese ramen for lunch to rich and flavorful chicken masala for dinner. . Seattle Diverse meals your company loves from fresh sushi for lunch to the most authentic Vietnamese pho for dinner. . Denver Diverse meals your company loves from healthy salads for lunch to most hearty hamburgers for a late company dinner. . Dallas Authentic meals your company loves from local tex-mex for lunch to juicy steaks with a side of fries for dinner. . Atlanta Comforting meals your company loves from authentic biscuits and fried chicken for lunch to smoked brisket for dinner. . Philadelphia Authentic meals your company loves from classic Philly cheesesteaks for lunch to Italian hoagies, roast pork sandwiches, and more for dinner. . . . . . . Browse Caterers . About Zerocater About Zerocater. Overview Learn everything there is to know about our company and culture . Careers Join our team and help revolutionize how companies eat. . Partner with us Join our partner ecosystem to grow your catering business . Customer Reviews See what customers think about our revolutionary products and solutions . Customer Spotlights See how customers use our revolutionary products to build an amazing culture . Contact Get in touch with customer support, sales, or culinary partnerships . Newsroom Latest news and media coverage about Zerocater . Blog Articles about catering, cafeterias, and food trends . FAQ Answers to common questions about our corporate catering . . . . . . . Search . Contact Us . Login . Get Started . . . . Search . . . . . . . . . . . . We Are Zerocater. We offer flexible food solutions that are as creative as we are about costume contests. We curate better workplaces through food. Get Started . . . . . Meet Our Teams. We believe great companies treat their employees like family - and we’re building platforms that empower organizations to do just that... through food.. San Francisco, HQ . San Francisco, HQ . New York City . Chicago . Austin . Washington D.C. Metro Area . Los Angeles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . San Francisco, HQ. Zerocater’s headquarters is located in the heart of SoMa. Originally home to a grocery store, the two-story building was designed to encourage collaboration with multiple breakout areas including two rooftop decks, cozy couches, and six conference rooms.. A short drive from headquarters, Zerocater’s warehouse in South San Francisco is home to our Snacks & Kitchens team.. . Next Up: New York City. . New York City. A cultural, financial and media epicenter, New York City is home to a team of Zerocater stars that outshine the city’s brightest lights.. In the city that never sleeps, neither does this team. When they’re not at the office, our team is off exploring Manhattan’s limitless dining options to bring you the best meals and snacks – from New York-style bagels, cheesecake and pizza to the trendiest new Filipino spot.. . Next Up: Chicago. . Chicago. Host to some of the world’s finest architecture, museums, shopping and food, our Windy City team brings the Midwest warmth and hospitality to everyday operations.. Our Chicago crew ensures the city’s best and brightest are well fed with favorites like Chicago-style hot dogs, deep dish pizza, gyros, and Italian beef.. . Next Up: Austin. . Austin. One of the fastest-growing cities in the U.S., the Live Music Capital of the World is home to a booming technology and business community, and our Austin team of rockstars.. The Austin team has sought out the best restaurants and food trucks serving uniquely, local and authentic fare – from breakfast tacos and BBQ to Tex Mex treats – to feed Austinites in offices all around town.. . Next Up: Washington D.C. Metro Area. . Washington D.C. Metro Area. The Nation’s Capital, where decision-making is an art form. And when it comes to decisions on office food, Zerocater’s DC powerhouse team makes it easy.. Home to one of the most ethnically-diverse dining scenes in the U.S., Washington DC’s local flavor offers everything from authentic Ethiopian to down home chili. Whatever your office is searching for, our team is relentless in discovering the very best food partners in the nation’s capital.. . Next Up: Los Angeles. . Los Angeles. From the Hollywood Hills to Marina Del Rey, Los Angeles is home to renowned museums, 75 miles of coastline and rich cultural heritage… and a team of Zerocater superstars.. The Zerocater LA Team has mastered the logistics needed to feed companies throughout this sprawling, global metropolis. When they’re not navigating meals and snacks for LA companies, the team is off searching for the standout stars in town from Korean BBQ and tacos to grain bowl and hearty Ramen.. . Next Up: San Francisco, HQ. . . . . . . . Meet The Zerocater Leadership. We’re led by a team of innovators, analysts, and creative minds who challenge the status quo. Say hello to the driving force behind Zerocater’s first-class service.. . About Ali Sabeti . . Ali Sabeti. CEO. . . . Ali Sabeti. CEO. . . As Chief Executive Officer, Ali is responsible for growing Zerocater into the largest and most disruptive corporate catering and cafeteria provider in North America by building a performance driven culture that is focused on delivering value to customers. Zerocater’s unmatched value is powered by its technology, which builds custom catering and cafeteria solutions that employees love while saving companies of all sizes millions of dollars as they transition to the hybrid workplace. Ali is excited to lead Zerocater on its mission to revolutionize how companies feed their employees as it disrupts the $182B corporate catering and cafeteria market.. Prior to Zerocater, Ali grew quickly at Salesforce where he held various leadership roles in marketing, product, and corporate finance as the company scaled from 5,000 to 30,000 employees. In his last role at Salesforce, he was responsible for building and leading the marketing organizations in Canada and Latin America. Ali started his career in public accounting at Grant Thornton where he worked in the CFO services group in business advisory services. Over his career, Ali has built and led global teams for companies of all stages from startups to the Fortune 500.. Ali is a California native and graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of California Irvine with a degree in Accounting and Economics. He enjoys spending time with his family in San Francisco and in his free time you can usually find him in Napa Valley exploring new vineyards and restaurants.. . Why do you work at a startup?. There is no better place to create and grow than a startup. Be an owner of the company through equity so you are directly rewarded for the value you create for customers. Take on new responsibilities and grow in your career based on merit rather than tenure. Learn discipline and resilience so you can fight through failure to get to success. Take pride in achieving what few can by building products that disrupt or create enormous markets.. . . What makes Zerocater culture unique?. We are a meritocracy in its purest form. Title and tenure are a distant second to solving problems and creating value for our customers. We have a track record of rewarding talent that works hard to solve problems enabling us to grow and transform the $182B corporate cafeteria and catering industry.. . . Who or what inspires you?. Our amazing customers and team members. The trust our customers have in us when it comes to their most important goal – keeping their employees happy and productive. The ingenuity, hard work, and resilience our team members show every day to delight our customers. Our teams have pride in their work which is contagious.. . . . . . . . . . About Prabjot Jaaj . . Prabjot Jaaj. Chief Product and Technology Officer. . . . Prabjot Jaaj. Chief Product and Technology Officer. . . As the Chief Product and Technology Officer, Prabjot leads Product, Engineering, Strategic Partnerships, Food Curation, and Support Services at Zerocater. He is responsible for the entire customer experience and for building the company’s next generation of technology products and culinary partner network that power its corporate catering and snacks businesses.. Prabjot has 20 years of experience in technology, strategy, and operations and has worked at companies ranging from startups to large multinationals like Yahoo, McKinsey & Company and Nortel Networks. In his prior roles, Prabjot has led product development and M&A that drove top and bottom-line growth, helped organizations establish their presence in new markets and implemented large scale operational transformations that have resulted in multi-million dollars in savings. He has a passion for using technology, data, and analytics to solve challenging real-world problems.. Prabjot has an MBA from The Wharton School at the Univ. of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Computer Engineering from McGill University. When not at work, he enjoys building memories with his wife and two daughters and always makes the time to cheer for the Toronto Raptors.. . Why do you work at a startup?. Startups exist to disrupt markets with products that are 10X better for their customers and users. Achieving this requires bold innovation, agility, resourcefulness, and resilience—all of which make the journey exhilarating for me. I’m also drawn to the unique culture of startups, where everyone works hard and collaborates as one team to drive success. It’s all about impact, with no room for politics or bureaucracy—and that’s exactly the kind of environment I thrive in.. . . What makes Zerocater unique?. At Zerocater, we’ve crafted a unique recipe that blends our passion for culinary excellence with the power of our proprietary FoodIQ technology and a network of carefully curated culinary partners. This combination enables us to deliver exceptional, personalized meal experiences at scale, tailored to our customers’ preferences. It’s a recipe we’ve spent years perfecting—and we’re just getting started cooking up something truly extraordinary.. . . What are some of the unique problems we solve through our technology?. Envision a workplace where dining transforms into an unforgettable culinary journey—an opportunity to explore diverse flavors, connect with colleagues, and recharge both body and mind. Our technology brings this vision to life by personalizing meal options, ensuring precise and seamless delivery, and fostering inclusivity with tailored choices for every individual. By creating memorable and seamless dining experiences that can fit within any company’s food program design, we aspire to empower teams to thrive and perform at their best every day.. . . . . . . . . . About Jim Waggoner . . Jim Waggoner. Chief Financial Officer. . . . Jim Waggoner. Chief Financial Officer. . . As the Chief Financial Officer at Zerocater, Jim brings 20 years of experience leading financial strategy, operations and administration for venture backed technology companies. During his career Jim has closed numerous equity and debt financing and five M&A transactions. Most recently Jim was Vice President of Finance for Disqus, the industry leading engagement tool for publishers where he guided the company to sustained profitability and the successful sale to Zeta Global.. Jim is a former CPA and attended the University of California, Santa Barbara where he received a bachelor’s degree in Business Economics with an emphasis in Accounting. Jim is a Bay Area native and currently resides in San Francisco with his wife and two children.. . Why do you work at a startup?. Startups are exciting and dynamic places to work. You can implement change quickly and see immediate results. I also like the ability to work and connect with various layers within the company. On any given week, I’ll have meetings and interactions with every layer within the company and across nearly every department.. . . What makes Zerocater unique?. The people! Zerocater has the most passionate and dedicated people I’ve ever worked with and our employee base spans so many different lines of work ranging from catering operations, accountants, food experience/meal planning and data engineers. What brings us all together is a shared passion for our customers and solving complex problems.. . . Best career advice. “More is lost by indecision than wrong decision.” I think this is true when choosing a career path and also as a good reminder in life. Never stop trying new things. Observe, reflect and adjust. Take smart risks and don’t be afraid to be wrong.. . . . . . . . . . About Ryan Smith . . Ryan Smith. SVP Culinary Partnerships & Hospitality Experience. . . . Ryan Smith. SVP Culinary Partnerships & Hospitality Experience. . . Ryan Smith is a seasoned hospitality leader with over 20 years of experience driving excellence in culinary operations, strategic dining programs, and team development. A classically trained chef and California native, Ryan began his career in the renowned culinary hubs of the San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles, where he opened and managed restaurants that shaped his deep appreciation for hospitality and the transformative power of food.. Ryan transitioned into corporate dining leadership with Bon Appétit Management Company, where he oversaw some of the largest and most complex enterprise dining programs in the country. His tenure included partnerships with high-profile clients and the honor of serving foreign delegates, royalty, and even President Obama.. Beyond corporate dining, Ryan led national culinary initiatives focused on educating families about healthy, sustainable eating while mentoring chefs across the country. These experiences reinforced his belief in food as a powerful connector, a driver of creativity, and a catalyst for memorable experiences.. As a senior executive, Ryan brings a unique blend of culinary expertise, operational excellence, and a passion for building strong, impactful teams. His leadership style emphasizes innovation, collaboration, and an unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional hospitality experiences.. . Why do you work at a startup?. Startups are all about innovation, rapid growth, and real impact. Every contribution feels meaningful because it directly shapes the company’s direction. The fast pace of information and development keeps things exciting with constant opportunities to learn, adapt, and see ideas turn into reality. It’s a dynamic environment where progress isn’t just a goal, it’s part of the everyday experience.. . . What makes Zerocater unique?. What makes Zerocater unique is the passion and dedication every team member brings to their work. People here genuinely care about what they do and the impact they make. Beyond that, Zerocater has built tools designed to adapt and scale to our clients’ needs at a moment’s notice, allowing us to stay agile, responsive, and always ready to pivot. This combination of passion, innovation, and adaptability allows us to build strong partnerships and deliver exceptional hospitality experiences every step of the way.. . . Do you have a favorite book that has influenced you?. My current favorite book: Unreasonable Hospitality by Will Guidara.. It’s a powerful reminder that true excellence isn’t just about what you deliver, but how you make people feel. Guidara’s approach to going above and beyond in every interaction resonates deeply with me. Small, thoughtful gestures can leave the biggest impact. It’s a mindset I strive to bring into my work every day.. . . . . . . . . . . . . Follow Our Journey. From a one-man-show to becoming a leading food company serving the workforce, our journey has been anything but ordinary.. 2009. Zerocater Founded in San Francisco. Instead of managing multiple vendors, organizing delivery and cleanup, collecting feedback, and doing it all over every day—Arram thought, what if there were one company with a team of experts, established vendor relationships, and technology that made office food simple? And so Zerocater was born.. . . . 2011. Zerocater Joins Y Combinator. After running the business on a spreadsheet and bootstrapping for 18 months, Zerocater is accepted into the Winter 2011 class of Y Combinator, placing first on Demo Day and receives its first round of seed funding.. . . . 2013-2015. Expansion East. Zerocater expands coverage to help companies feed their people in New York (2013) and Chicago (2014). Zerocater continues to grow in other major markets and opens offices in Austin (2015) and Washington D.C. (2015).. . . . . 2016 - 2017. Series A Funding, More Expansion & Snacks!. In 2016, Zerocater raises $4.1M Series A funding with Romulus Capital and Struck Capital and expands operations to Los Angeles. The following year, Zerocater unveils its second product, Snacks & Kitchens, a fully-customizable solution for office snacking.. . . . 2018. Series B Raise. After the introduction of Snacks & Kitchens, Zerocater closes $12M Series B funding with Cleveland Avenue to enable a nationwide expansion of Snacks.. . . . . . . . By The Numbers. . . . Zerocater In The Press. Check out the latest news, and views, on Zerocater and how food is changing the workplace.. . Companies find that the next frontier in attracting talent lies in giving... Read More about Companies find that the next frontier in attracting talent lies in giving them free food . . . Zerocater Raises $12M to Rule the Fridges and Pantries of an Office Read More about Zerocater Raises $12M to Rule the Fridges and Pantries of an Office . . . This founder went from scooping ice cream to running a $250 million... Read More about This founder went from scooping ice cream to running a $250 million startup that caters lunch for Salesforce ... . . . Pretty, Tasty, and Cheap: How Poke Became the Instagram-Friendly Fad Food Read More about Pretty, Tasty, and Cheap: How Poke Became the Instagram-Friendly Fad Food . . . Forbes: How Chicago Fuels Food-Focused Innovation Read More about Forbes: How Chicago Fuels Food-Focused Innovation . . . See Recent News Coverage . . . Zerocater Reviews: The Proof Is In The Pudding…. Does providing food for your employees really have tangible benefits? Hear from Zerocater clients to see how offices like yours use food to build a better workplace.. Randy Verified Buyer What is a Verified Buyer . A Verified Buyer is a user who has purchased the reviewed product through our store.. . . . . 09/17/26 . . . Randy. . Amazing customer service overall and awesome food partners make my entire team very happy when it comes to lunch. The CaterAi product is life changing as well!. . On Zerozater. . 0 . 0 . . . . facebook twitter LinkedIn . . ss Verified Buyer What is a Verified Buyer . A Verified Buyer is a user who has purchased the reviewed product through our store.. . . . . 09/15/26 . . . Excellent Work. . We've worked with ZeroCater for almost 2 years now and have cycled through many vendors at this point and would say we are incredible happy with this service. The goal was to take the catering aspect out of our hands into a company that would fit our office needs without lacking in our personal and dietary needs. Any requests, special occasions, issues, and last minute changes are handled promptly with immense attention to detail. Thank you again for the amazing work!. . On Zerozater. . 0 . 0 . . . . facebook twitter LinkedIn . . Daniel Verified Buyer What is a Verified Buyer . A Verified Buyer is a user who has purchased the reviewed product through our store.. . . . . 06/18/25 . . . Giving credit were credit is due.. . Thank you Ms. Viola Chan and Zerocater for the 5 star service in which you provide. Keep up the good work .. . On Zerozater. . 4 . 3 . . . . facebook twitter LinkedIn . . Read More Customer Reviews . . . . . Revolutionize your company’s corporate catering, cafeteria, and events experience.. Get Started . . Our Products. Cater AI Corporate Catering Corporate Cafeterias Event Catering . . How Our Products Work. Buffet corporate catering and cafeterias Boxed corporate catering and cafeterias . . Our Solutions. Corporate catering for large companies Office catering for small and growing companies . . . Cities We Feed. San Francisco Bay Area New York City Austin Boston Los Angeles Chicago Washington D.C. Seattle Denver Dallas Atlanta Philadelphia . . Catering Directory. Browse All Catering Menus Browse Caterers by State . . . About. Overview Careers Partner with Zerocater Customer Reviews Customer Spotlights Contact Newsroom Blog FAQ . . Resources. Dietary Restrictions Guide Workplace Studies . . . Corporate Catering Types. Lunch Catering Breakfast Catering Dinner Catering Catering By Cuisine Types Catering by Dish Catering Menu Types and Service Styles Catering By Dietary Need Browse Holiday Catering Browse Event Catering Browse Catering By Brands Diverse-Owned Catering . . Compare Food Service Providers. Zerocater vs Andros Zerocater vs Bon Appetit Zerocater vs Guckenheimer Zerocater vs Cater2.me Zerocater vs Fooda Zerocater vs ezCater Zerocater vs Forkable Zerocater vs DoorDash Zerocater vs Webox Zerocater vs Hungry Zerocater vs Relish Food Service Provider Directory . . . . . . Twitter . Facebook . Instagram . Linkedin . . Terms Privacy California Privacy Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information . © 2026 Zerocater. . . . . . . I’m a company, corporation, or team looking for solutions I’m a restaurant, commissary kitchen, or chef interested in partnering . . Custom cafeteria and catering solutions built for the hybrid workplace. . Enter your email and any comments below and a Zerocater representative will contact you shortly!. . First Name Last Name Email Phone Company Name Company ZIP Code Your Message . To verify your email address and prevent spam, please complete the puzzle below:. 8 + 8 =. . . . By submitting this form you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Get Started Now! Already a Zerocater Customer? . . . . . Congratulations!. You’ve taken your first step toward getting delicious meals for your office. We'll contact you shortly to set-up a free consultation so we can learn more about your office’s tastes and preferences. In the meantime, learn more about the latest food trends on our blog .. Please try again. There was an error processing your submission. Please make sure all fields are correctly filled out.. . Already using Zerocater? . . Partner with Zerocater. . Grow your business with Zerocater. Enter your details and a representative will be in touch for a consultation.. . First Name * Last Name * Business Email * Phone * Company Name * Company Website * Type of Cuisine * ZIP Code * Caterer Ghost Kitchen Restaurant Food Truck Business Type * Your Message . . . By submitting this form you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Submit Already a Zerocater Vendor? . . . . Congratulations!. You’ve taken your first step toward becoming a Zerocater partner. We currently have a robust assortment of vendor partners and are always seeking specific cuisines to add to our offerings. If your menu is in-line with what we're seeking, someone will reach out to you. In the meantime, learn more about the latest food trends on our blog .. Please try again. There was an error processing your submission. Please make sure all fields are correctly filled out.. . Already a Zerocater Vendor? . . . . . . x . This Company is already active. Are you trying to login?. Log in or contact support for help.. If you're looking for a Zerocater sales demo,. please proceed with submitting the form.. . Request Demo Log In . . .