https://zerocater.com/about/newsroom/press-releases/2023/zerocater-raises-its-series-c-to-build-the-future-of-the-corporate-cafeteria-for-the-hybrid-workplace/

Zerocater announces it's Series C Raise of $15 Million . . . MENU . . . Products Our Products. Cater AI Instantly build menus, book onsite staff, and plan themed decor . Corporate Catering Curated daily catered meals offering a white-glove dining experience . Corporate Cafeterias Chef-led onsite dining, curated snacks, and managed barista coffee bars . Event Catering Diverse event catering with onsite staffing and decor for any type of event . . . . . . Cities We Feed Cities We Feed. San Francisco Bay Area Tasty meals your company loves from farm to table grain bowls for lunch to the best local chinese for dinner. . New York City Exciting meals your company loves from authentic pizza for lunch to delicious everything bagels for breakfast. . Austin Hearty meals your company loves from the best local barbeque for lunch to breakfast tacos for an early morning all hands. . Boston Fresh meals your company loves from fresh lobster rolls for lunch to hearty clam chowder for an evening meeting. . Los Angeles Healthy meals your company loves from poke bowls for lunch to tasty tacos for a late company dinner. . Chicago Classic meals your company loves from a hearty deep dish pizza for lunch to a delicious chicago-style hot dog for dinner. . Washington D.C. Delicious meals your company loves from japanese ramen for lunch to rich and flavorful chicken masala for dinner. . Seattle Diverse meals your company loves from fresh sushi for lunch to the most authentic Vietnamese pho for dinner. . Denver Diverse meals your company loves from healthy salads for lunch to most hearty hamburgers for a late company dinner. . Dallas Authentic meals your company loves from local tex-mex for lunch to juicy steaks with a side of fries for dinner. . Atlanta Comforting meals your company loves from authentic biscuits and fried chicken for lunch to smoked brisket for dinner. . Philadelphia Authentic meals your company loves from classic Philly cheesesteaks for lunch to Italian hoagies, roast pork sandwiches, and more for dinner. . . . . . . Browse Caterers . About Zerocater About Zerocater. Overview Learn everything there is to know about our company and culture . Careers Join our team and help revolutionize how companies eat. . Partner with us Join our partner ecosystem to grow your catering business . Customer Reviews See what customers think about our revolutionary products and solutions . Customer Spotlights See how customers use our revolutionary products to build an amazing culture . Contact Get in touch with customer support, sales, or culinary partnerships . Newsroom Latest news and media coverage about Zerocater . Blog Articles about catering, cafeterias, and food trends . FAQ Answers to common questions about our corporate catering . . . . . . . Search . Contact Us . Login . Get Started . . . . Search . . . . . . . . . . . . Zerocater Raises Its Series C To Build The Future Of The Corporate Cafeteria For The Hybrid Workplace. The foodtech company is using technology to build personalized and flexible corporate cafeteria solutions that entice employees back to the office while saving companies millions as they move to hybrid work. . SAN FRANCISCO, CA / ACCESSWIRE / February 16, 2023 / Zerocater , the fastest growing provider of corporate cafeterias and catering solutions, has raised its Series C funding of $15 million, led by Cleveland Avenue LLC, with participation from Remus Capital. Today, the company announces it will be expanding its technology enabled corporate cafeteria solution to ten additional markets including its first international market in Canada. Zerocater is already the leader for corporate catering and cafeteria solutions in the San Francisco Bay Area and New York City where Datadog, Splunk, RobinHood, and others are customers. With this raise, the company will also continue to invest in its AI and machine learning capabilities which it uses to personalize daily cafeteria and catering menus for the companies it feeds based on the tastes of their employees.. “Companies of all sizes are looking for flexibility in their food programs and ways to reduce costs while their employees are demanding personalized and diverse food options to return to the office,” says Ali Sabeti, CEO of Zerocater. “We built our Cloud Cafe and Hybrid Cafe products during the pandemic to solve these two core problems and the demand has been incredible. We are experiencing the fastest growth in our company’s history having tripled our revenue in the last year. With our Series C raise, we are expanding to new markets because our existing customers are asking us to.”. While employees are returning to the office, for many companies the workplace does not look the same as it did pre-pandemic, with many shifting to a hybrid model where employees can choose to come into the office as they like. In-office flexibility has created a tremendous amount of unpredictability both in terms of how many employees come into the office on any given day, and who those employees are. This unpredictability has made it impossible for traditional cafeteria and catering providers to operate as they guess how many employees are coming in, how much food to cook, and what food might resonate with those employees. Oftentimes they guess wrong resulting in food and staffing waste, exorbitant costs for companies, and a poor meal experience for employees.. “The pandemic and the shift to hybrid work completely broke how companies feed their teams. The opportunity for Zerocater to transform the $182B corporate cafeteria and catering market is immense,” says Keith Kravcik, CIO Cleveland Avenue. “Add in the current economic uncertainty and it is clear companies will no longer spend millions building out traditional cafeterias with full-time chefs, guessing what food and how much of it to prepare, and signing 5-year contracts when the in office headcount changes daily or another COVID outbreak could cause a shutdown.”. With Zerocater’s Cloud Cafe , Hybrid Cafe , and Managed Cafe products employees have the option of enjoying a world-class buffet style meal experience in their cafeteria or using the Zerocater app to choose the boxed meal they want on the days they’re coming into the office. With over 450 enterprise quality commissary kitchens, caterers, and restaurants on its platform, Zerocater is able to offer employees over 10 daily cuisines with 70 daily menu items that are curated weekly from over 120 available cuisines and 20,000 unique menu items. When it comes to the meal experience, Zerocater’s onsite team owns all aspects of the daily cafeteria operations from design and decor, to onsite staffing and equipment. Most importantly, Zerocater’s products were built for the hybrid workplace as companies only pay for the employees who come into the office. Companies also don’t need to spend millions of dollars building, maintaining, and staffing expensive onsite kitchens or committing to long term contracts.. “We love the customization and variety Zerocater’s cafeteria solution offers us with multiple cuisines and dozens of menu items per day without any of the waste and commitment of a traditional cafeteria,” says Sarah Redman, Office Manager at Druva. “I can trust their onsite operations team to handle everything involved with daily meals for our employees. With the constant changes of the last few years, Zerocater has been flexible in what they offer as our needs have changed.”. Ensuring employees are getting diverse menus that are aligned to their unique tastes and preferences is the only way companies are able to increase office attendance. Zerocater takes a data driven approach to building menus using its FoodIQ AI. After every meal, employees use the Zerocater app to give feedback which then allows its AI to better learn the groups preferences and use that data to curate upcoming meals. The more feedback employees give, the more powerful the recommendations, resulting in employees getting more of the food they love.. Prior to its Series C, Zerocater reassessed its strategy during the pandemic, reacting quickly as it built new product offerings for the era of remote and hybrid work. Now, Zerocater is experiencing the fastest growth in its history as the solutions it built during the pandemic are the future of corporate cafeterias and catering. With this round of funding, Zerocater is actively working towards its goal of reinventing the corporate cafeteria and becoming the national provider for major global companies.. About Zerocater . Zerocater builds revolutionary corporate catering and cafeteria solutions employees love while saving companies millions of dollars as they transition to the hybrid workplace. With its Cloud Cafe , Hybrid Cafe , Managed Cafe , and Event Cafe products; Zerocater has built corporate cafeteria and office catering programs for companies of all sizes from growing startups to the Fortune 500 . Thousands of companies like Datadog, Splunk, McKinsey & Company, and RobinHood choose Zerocater for the customized, consistent, and diverse meal experiences its products offer, while also reducing costs by giving companies the flexibility to only pay for the employees who come into the office. Zerocater currently offers its corporate cafeteria and office catering products in the San Francisco Bay Area , New York , Chicago , Los Angeles , Boston , Austin , Denver , Seattle , and Washington D.C. with additional markets in the U.S. and Canada coming online every month. Since completing YCombinator in Winter 2011, Zerocater has raised $38.5M from leading investors including Cleveland Avenue, Remus Capital, Romulus Capital, Struck Capital, SV Angel, Keith Rabois, Yuri Milner, Paul Buchheit, and Justin Kan. For more information visit zerocater.com and follow @Zerocater on Facebook , Instagram , Linkedin , and Twitter .. Back to Press Releases . . . . . . Zerocater Sidebar. Zerocater. About Zerocater. Zerocater corporate catering and snacks services provide curated meals and snacks to companies for any office occasion. We partnered with a diverse range of local restaurants, caterers, and food trucks alongside a personalized selection of snacks, beverages, and kitchen supplies, all tailored to your teams’ tastes and dietary preferences. Zerocater is currently available in the San Francisco Bay Area, New York City, Los Angeles, Austin, Washington D.C. and Chicago. . More About Zerocater . . Subscribe for Updates. Email address Comments . . By submitting this form you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . . . Press. For all media inquiries about Zerocater, please contact press@zerocater.com . Zerocater HQ . 44 Montgomery Street - 3rd Floor . San Francisco, CA 94104. . Connect With Zerocater. Twitter . Instagram . Facebook . Linkedin . . . . . . . . Revolutionize your company’s corporate catering, cafeteria, and events experience.. Get Started . . Our Products. Cater AI Corporate Catering Corporate Cafeterias Event Catering . . How Our Products Work. Buffet corporate catering and cafeterias Boxed corporate catering and cafeterias . . Our Solutions. Corporate catering for large companies Office catering for small and growing companies . . . Cities We Feed. San Francisco Bay Area New York City Austin Boston Los Angeles Chicago Washington D.C. Seattle Denver Dallas Atlanta Philadelphia . . Catering Directory. Browse All Catering Menus Browse Caterers by State . . . About. Overview Careers Partner with Zerocater Customer Reviews Customer Spotlights Contact Newsroom Blog FAQ . . Resources. Dietary Restrictions Guide Workplace Studies . . . Corporate Catering Types. Lunch Catering Breakfast Catering Dinner Catering Catering By Cuisine Types Catering by Dish Catering Menu Types and Service Styles Catering By Dietary Need Browse Holiday Catering Browse Event Catering Browse Catering By Brands Diverse-Owned Catering . . Compare Food Service Providers. Zerocater vs Andros Zerocater vs Bon Appetit Zerocater vs Guckenheimer Zerocater vs Cater2.me Zerocater vs Fooda Zerocater vs ezCater Zerocater vs Forkable Zerocater vs DoorDash Zerocater vs Webox Zerocater vs Hungry Zerocater vs Relish Food Service Provider Directory . . . . . . Twitter . Facebook . Instagram . Linkedin . . Terms Privacy California Privacy Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information . © 2026 Zerocater. . . . . . . I’m a company, corporation, or team looking for solutions I’m a restaurant, commissary kitchen, or chef interested in partnering . . Custom cafeteria and catering solutions built for the hybrid workplace. . Enter your email and any comments below and a Zerocater representative will contact you shortly!. . First Name Last Name Email Phone Company Name Company ZIP Code Your Message . To verify your email address and prevent spam, please complete the puzzle below:. 8 + 8 =. . . . By submitting this form you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Get Started Now! Already a Zerocater Customer? . . . . . Congratulations!. You’ve taken your first step toward getting delicious meals for your office. We'll contact you shortly to set-up a free consultation so we can learn more about your office’s tastes and preferences. In the meantime, learn more about the latest food trends on our blog .. Please try again. There was an error processing your submission. Please make sure all fields are correctly filled out.. . Already using Zerocater? . . Partner with Zerocater. . Grow your business with Zerocater. Enter your details and a representative will be in touch for a consultation.. . First Name * Last Name * Business Email * Phone * Company Name * Company Website * Type of Cuisine * ZIP Code * Caterer Ghost Kitchen Restaurant Food Truck Business Type * Your Message . . . By submitting this form you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Submit Already a Zerocater Vendor? . . . . Congratulations!. You’ve taken your first step toward becoming a Zerocater partner. We currently have a robust assortment of vendor partners and are always seeking specific cuisines to add to our offerings. If your menu is in-line with what we're seeking, someone will reach out to you. In the meantime, learn more about the latest food trends on our blog .. Please try again. There was an error processing your submission. Please make sure all fields are correctly filled out.. . Already a Zerocater Vendor? . . . . . . x . This Company is already active. Are you trying to login?. Log in or contact support for help.. If you're looking for a Zerocater sales demo,. please proceed with submitting the form.. . Request Demo Log In . . .