http://www.vidyard.com/press/

News and Press Releases | Products & Company | Vidyard 0, isLg:window.matchMedia('(min-width:1024px)').matches, navH:83, adminBar:(function(){ var b=document.getElementById('wpadminbar'); return b ? (b.offsetHeight||0) : 0; })(), ctaHeight:0, ctaVisible:false, measureCta(){ var el=document.getElementById('headerCtaBar'); if(!el){ this.ctaHeight=0; this.ctaVisible=false; return; } this.ctaHeight=Math.ceil(el.getBoundingClientRect().height) || el.offsetHeight || 0; }, observeCta(){ var el=document.getElementById('headerCtaBar'); if(!el){ this.ctaVisible=false; return; } this.measureCta(); try{ var io=new IntersectionObserver(function(entries){ $data.ctaVisible = entries[0].isIntersecting && entries[0].intersectionRatio > 0; }, { threshold:0 }); io.observe(el); }catch(e){ $data.ctaVisible = el.getBoundingClientRect().bottom > 0; window.addEventListener('scroll', function(){ $data.ctaVisible = el.getBoundingClientRect().bottom > 0; }, { passive:true }); } }, /* Track if any mega is open (set by child events) */ megaOpen:false, get mobilePanelStyle(){ if(this.isLg) return { display:'flex' }; if(!this.mobileOpen) return { display:'none' }; var inner=this.$refs.inner; var innerH=inner ? Math.ceil(inner.getBoundingClientRect().height) : Math.ceil((this.$el && this.$el.getBoundingClientRect().height) || this.navH); var top=innerH; var h='calc(100vh - ' + innerH + 'px)'; return { display:'block', position:'absolute', top: top + 'px', left:0, right:0, height:h, overflowY:'auto', WebkitOverflowScrolling:'touch', overscrollBehavior:'contain', background:'white', zIndex:60, paddingBottom:'env(safe-area-inset-bottom)' }; }, toggleMobile(){ this.mobileOpen = !this.mobileOpen; const header_outer = document.getElementById('site-header-sticky'); if(this.mobileOpen){ var gap = window.innerWidth - document.documentElement.clientWidth; document.documentElement.style.overflow = 'hidden'; document.body.style.overflow = 'hidden'; document.body.style.touchAction = 'none'; if(gap > 0) { document.body.style.paddingRight = gap + 'px'; } const header_outer = document.getElementById('site-header-sticky'); header_outer.style.position = 'fixed'; }else{ document.documentElement.style.overflow = ''; document.body.style.overflow = ''; document.body.style.touchAction = ''; document.body.style.paddingRight = ''; header_outer.style.position = 'sticky'; } }, enableTransparent: true, enableDarkMode: true, transparentActive(){ // Only allow transparency on large screens return this.isLg && this.enableTransparent; }, get darkThemeActive(){ // Dark theme only on large screens AND while transparent is visually active return this.isLg && this.enableDarkMode && !this.scrolled && !this.mobileOpen && !this.megaOpen; }, }" x-init="observeCta()" @resize.window=" isLg = window.matchMedia('(min-width: 1024px)').matches; adminBar = (document.getElementById('wpadminbar') ? (document.getElementById('wpadminbar').offsetHeight||0) : 0); measureCta(); if (isLg) { document.documentElement.style.overflow=''; document.body.style.overflow=''; document.body.style.touchAction=''; document.body.style.paddingRight=''; } " @scroll.window.passive="scrolled = window.scrollY > 0" @mega-open.window="megaOpen = true" @mega-state.window="if (!$event.detail.open) { megaOpen = !!$el.querySelector('.has-mega.is-open'); }" role="navigation" id="transparentNav" class="z-50 w-full shadow-none transition duration-150 lg:h-[var(--nav-h)] lg:min-h-[var(--nav-h)]" :class="[ transparentActive ? ((scrolled || mobileOpen || megaOpen) ? 'bg-white/75 backdrop-blur-3xl shadow-sm' : 'bg-transparent backdrop-blur-0') : 'bg-white shadow-sm', darkThemeActive ? 'nav-theme-dark' : '' ]" style="--nav-h:83px; --logo-h:51px;" > Vidyard . . . { $dispatch('mega-state', { open: v }); })" @mega-open.window="if ($event.detail !== $root) open = false" > Product › . Integrations. Explore Integrations . Gong . HubSpot . Marketo . Salesforce . See All Integrations → . Products. Video Messages Record personal videos to reach more customers.. . Video Agent New Automatically send personalized videos with agentic AI.. . Vidyard Hosting Manage all your business videos in one central spot.. . Vidyard AI Avatars Generate personalized AI videos at scale.. . Vidyard Hubs Curate and share your best videos in one branded page. . See All Features → . . Featured. Vidyard Video Agent Automatically send personalized videos to buyers.. Try now → . Watch a Demo See Vidyard in action with an on-demand video.. Watch Now → . . . . . . { $dispatch('mega-state', { open: v }); })" @mega-open.window="if ($event.detail !== $root) open = false" > Solutions › . Company Size. Startups . Mid Market . Enterprise . Industries. Financial Services . SaaS . Consumer Sales . . Use Cases. Prospecting and Intros Stand out and improve response rates.. . Sales Generate more pipeline and close more deals.. . Post-Sales Keep customers engaged after the deal closes.. . Marketing Host video content and convert viewers into leads.. . Converting and Closing Connect with buyers and close more deals.. . Corporate Comms Create and deliver an internal communications strategy.. . . . Featured Case Study. . “Personalized Vidyard video messages drove an 8x improvement in click-through rates and a 4x improvement in reply rates.” Read More . . See Vidyard in Action → . . . . . { $dispatch('mega-state', { open: v }); })" @mega-open.window="if ($event.detail !== $root) open = false" > Resources › New . Insights and Tips. Blog The secrets to virtual selling and video best practices.. . Video Agent Hub Case studies and how-to videos for every revenue use case.. . Help Center How-to and help articles for all things Vidyard.. . Fast Forward Expert advice on all things virtual selling.. . Use Cases Explore real ways to use video across your business.. . AI Resource Hub Guides and ideas for using AI in your workflow.. . Case Studies Learn how our customers win more with Vidyard.. . Live Workshop Series Showing you exactly how to put video to work.. . . . Featured. Make Video Work Harder Across Your GTM Personalize video at every step of the buyer journey. Watch now → . Video in Motion Benchmark Report How to build video into your revenue motion. Read now → . . . . . . Pricing → . Get a Demo → . Add to Chrome. It’s free Login Get a demo Sign up for free . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Press & Media . . . . . . . In the Press . Vidyard and Clari + Salesloft expand partnership to help revenue teams act on real buyer engagement . ATLANTA, GA and KITCHENER, ON, April 9, 2026 — Clari + Salesloft, the leader in the Revenue Orchestration category, and Vidyard, the integrated video platform built for revenue teams, today announced an expanded strategic partnership. Together, they are helping go-to-market teams deliver more personalized, scalable buyer engagement by embedding AI-powered video and buyer engagement signals […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Releases The Future Revenue Report, Revealing Untapped Pipeline and Revenue Potential for GTM teams . Kitchener, Ontario – June 10, 2025 – Vidyard, the leading provider of AI-powered video messaging for sales teams, today released the findings of its new research report: The Future of Revenue. Surveying over 650 full-time senior sales and marketing professionals, the report reveals that AI-powered video is rapidly gaining traction across go-to-market (GTM) teams. Adoption […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Launches Video Sales Agent to Scale Seller Efficiency and Revenue Performance . Kitchener, Ontario – February 6, 2025 – Today Vidyard, the leading provider of AI-powered video messaging for sales teams, announced the launch of Video Sales Agent. Elevating Vidyard’s repertoire of AI-led offerings, Video Sales Agent is a new agentic solution that automatically creates and distributes personalized video messages for customers across the sales cycle. The […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard AI Avatar Innovations Accelerate Sales Teams’ Personalized Video Delivery at Scale . KITCHENER, Ontario – SEPTEMBER 12, 2024 – Video messaging leader Vidyard today announced significant enhancements to its hyper-realistic AI Avatars that make developing and delivering hundreds of customized sales videos faster than it once took to record one. First announced in April this year, the groundbreaking addition to the industry-leading Vidyard Messages platform now features […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Unveils Industry-First Hyper-Realistic, Personalized AI Avatars to Scale Sales and Marketing Video Communications . $15M in funding led by Export Development Canada to accelerate innovation and adoption of sales communications platform used by HubSpot, Microsoft, LinkedIn and S&P Global KITCHENER, Ontario – April 16, 2024 – Video messaging leader Vidyard today announced the introduction of the industry’s first hyper-realistic AI Avatars – that look and sound just like the […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Unveils AI-Powered Sales Assistant to Fully Automate Personalized Prospecting . KITCHENER, Ontario – October 3, 2023 – Vidyard, a leading provider of video communications and buyer engagement solutions, today launched the first AI-powered sales assistant to fully automate the process of generating new sales leads via hyper personalized outbound messaging. Now generally available for anyone to use at no cost, Vidyard Prospector helps sales reps, […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Launches AI-Powered Video Messaging to Transform Sales Engagement . KITCHENER, Ontario – July 27, 2023 – Vidyard, the leading video messaging and communications platform for sales and go-to-market teams, today launched a major update that brings AI to the forefront of its innovation and value creation strategy. Led by its new AI Script Generator, the new release will help more sales professionals and go-to-market […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Brings Buyer Engagement Signals to Leading Sales AI and CRM Solutions . KITCHENER, Ontario – June 28, 2023 – Vidyard, the leading video messaging and asynchronous communications platform for go-to-market teams, has announced partnerships with Pipedrive and Salesloft to help sales teams unlock new revenue potential through buyer engagement signals and AI-powered recommended actions. These integrations represent a key milestone in using video engagement insights from customer […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Continues to Prioritize Community Through Volunteerism, Product Donations, and Training . KITCHENER, Ontario – May 15, 2023 – Vidyard, the leading provider of video messaging and video hosting solutions for business, today released the results of its annual Community Social Impact Program, showcasing the company’s ongoing commitment to giving back to the communities where they operate and work. With more than 2,300 hours of volunteer time, […]. . Read Press Release . . Former LinkedIn and Google Exec Joins Vidyard to Change the Face of B2B Sales . KITCHENER, Ontario – January 11, 2023 – Vidyard, the leading provider of video solutions for sales and marketing professionals, welcomes Jonathan Lister as Chief Operating Officer (COO) to lead its global go-to-market teams. His leadership will be valuable as Vidyard continues to innovate on the leading video solution for sales and pursue its commitment to […]. . Read Press Release . . New Vidyard Solution Helps Sales Teams Scale Video Messaging and Convert More Buyers . KITCHENER, Ontario – May 3, 2022 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, has expanded its video messaging solution for sales teams as video becomes an increasingly vital part of inside sales strategies. The new offering enables sales leaders and enablement teams to confidently deploy video messaging across their global teams while gaining greater […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard’s New Integration with Gong Helps Sales Teams Use Video Engagement Insights to Win More Deals . KITCHENER, Ontario – March 16, 2022 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, today announced a new integration with Gong, the Reality Platform™, leveraging artificial intelligence to transform revenue and customer-facing teams. The integration provides sales teams with greater visibility and automated insights into how their customers engage with personalized video messages and on-demand […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Study Finds 87% of Financial Services Professionals Say Their Technology at Work is in “The Dark Ages” . KITCHENER, Ont. – Feb. 23, 2022 – According to the second part of a future of work study released today by Vidyard and Atomik Research, 87% of financial services professionals said that their technology at work is in “the dark ages.” Respondents also said that the company they work for could be more tech savvy […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard’s Customer Base Surpasses 250,000 Companies as Business Adoption of Video Messaging Accelerates . KITCHENER, Ontario – February 16, 2022 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, today announced that more than 12.5 million people across 250,000 companies are now using its video messaging and video hosting tools. As Vidyard continues to accelerate coming out of the pandemic and the global reopening of the economy, the company saw […]. . Read Press Release . . Award-Winning Video Programs Prove Virtual Sales and Marketing Can Still Be Personal . KITCHENER, Ontario – February 15, 2022 – Vidyard, the video platform for business, today announced the winners of the 2021 Video in Business (VIB) Awards. In its fifth year, the VIB awards recognize innovative businesses and sales professionals who are using video to transform the way they sell, market, and collaborate in an increasingly virtual […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Study Finds 96% of FinServ Professionals Would Take a Pay Cut to Permanently WFH . KITCHENER, Ontario – January 19, 2022 – To better understand the evolving preferences of financial services professionals in today’s remote-first business world, Vidyard and Atomik Research today released a new study examining how these individuals feel about working from home versus returning to the office in the months ahead. The new study, titled The Future […]. . Read Press Release . . Corporate Traveler Transforms its Business with Vidyard and Salesforce . KITCHENER, Ontario – November 16, 2021 – Vidyard, a leading video platform for businesses, today announced that it has helped Corporate Traveler transform its business by pioneering a new approach to video selling that resulted in $42 million of new business in six months. For this innovative work, Vidyard has been named a recipient of […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Launches Sales Feed Digital Media Network for a New Generation of Sellers . KITCHENER, Ontario – October 26, 2021 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, today announced the launch of Sales Feed, a digital media network dedicated to serving a new generation of sellers with the latest sales tips, news, and entertainment. Sales Feed is producing a wide range of original online shows, podcasts, video series, […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Report Reveals Sales Teams Using Video Have Increased Response Rates, Reduced Deal Cycles . KITCHENER, Ontario – September 22, 2021 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, today released its State of Virtual Selling Report, revealing how sales professionals are using video throughout the sales process and its impact on sales team productivity and results. The study found that more than 70% of sales reps who leverage custom-recorded […]. . Read Press Release . . Study Reveals Video Emails Offer Relief as Inbox Fatigue Continues to Rise . KITCHENER, Ont. – August 04, 2021 – Looking to increase company morale and make customers more likely to engage in the new digital-first business world? Use more video. That’s the unmistakable conclusion of a first-of-its-kind brain study conducted in April 2021 with U.S. business professionals from industries including high tech, consulting, commercial, finance, banking, and […]. . Read Press Release . . New Documentary Film “re:connection” the First to Explore the Expanding Role of Video in a Virtual Business World . KITCHENER, Ont. – June 30, 2021 – Vidyard and Media One Creative today announced the release of “re:connection,” a short documentary film exploring how video creates human connections in a digital business world. The film features a diverse set of experts ranging from a neuroscientist to an unlikely TikTok star discussing how video and shared […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Reports Record-Breaking Growth as Video Becomes Essential for Digital-First Sales and Marketing . KITCHENER, Ont. – June 10, 2021 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, today announced a year of record-breaking growth, new product offerings, and an expanded partner ecosystem as demand for video tools for virtual selling and digital marketing continues to surge. Wrapping up its most successful fiscal year in the company’s history, Vidyard […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Launches Desktop Apps as Adoption of User-Generated Videos in Sales Accelerates . KITCHENER, Ontario – March 17, 2021 – As more businesses embrace the shift to remote work and reduced travel, a growing number of sales teams are turning to user-generated videos to connect with customers and share ideas when they can’t be there in person. To support this growing need, Vidyard, the video platform for business, […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard’s Community Social Impact Program Prioritizes Education and Free Tools to Ease the Shift to Remote Work . In 2020, Vidyard brought new technologies and tools to market, contributed financial donations and volunteer hours, and shared educational resources and skills training with nonprofits and educators to support pandemic relief efforts. KITCHENER, Ontario – January 7, 2021 – Two years ago, Vidyard reordered its stakeholder list to prioritize ‘Community’ above ‘Investors’ in a bold […]. . Read Press Release . . B2B Sellers Report 200%+ Increases in Performance as Use of Video in Sales Skyrockets . Sellers embracing a digital-first and video-first approach to customer engagement see significant gains in 2020; New video-for-sales training tools help every business ramp up their sales teams to embrace video in new ways in 2021 KITCHENER, Ontario – December 16, 2020 – As business-to-business (B2B) sellers adapt to a digital-first reality, many have found new […]. . Read Press Release . . Business Adoption of 1:1 Video Messaging Grows 471% as Remote Sales and Distributed Work Dominate 2020 . Annual State of Video Report also shows the use of video in sales and customer conversations jumped 93%, with ROI steadily improving year over year KITCHENER, Ontario – December 14, 2020 – With the forced shift to remote work this year, video content went from a nice-to-have to a need-to-have tool for companies, a new […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Reveals 2020 Video in Business Awards Winners . The Video in Business Awards celebrate marketers, sales pros, and businesses who embrace video in new ways to generate better results. KITCHENER, Ontario – December 10, 2020 – Vidyard, the video platform for business, has just announced the 12 winners in their third annual Video in Business Awards. Each year, the awards program celebrates businesses […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard’s Free Asynchronous Video Messaging Integrates with Slack . The integration enables Slack’s users to ‘show’ instead of ‘tell’ by creating and sharing videos with teammates with just a couple of clicks–and it’s all free KITCHENER, Ontario – December 1, 2020 – Video creation, hosting, and sharing platform for business provider, Vidyard, today announced an integration with Slack to bring Vidyard’s free, asynchronous video […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Powers New Video Insights and Reporting Tools in HubSpot Video . New viewer engagement analytics and video reporting tools give users of HubSpot Video, which is powered by Vidyard, greater insight into customer behaviors and the true impact of their online video content KITCHENER, Ontario – September 22, 2020 – To support the growing appetite for video in business, Vidyard worked with HubSpot to develop new […]. . Read Press Release . . As Demand for Video Surges in Business, Vidyard Continues Expansion of Mobile Video Tools to Complement Platform, Releases Android Version . Expansion to the company’s popular video collaboration and communication tools for business follow recent updates to Vidyard’s iOS and Chrome extension apps KITCHENER, Ontario. – Aug. 31, 2020 – Amid a 400 percent increase in the adoption of its products, video creation and hosting platform for business provider Vidyard announced today an expansion to the […]. . Read Press Release . . As Demand for Video Surges, Vidyard Redesigns Video Hosting Platform and Launches New Tools to Help Any Business Professional Communicate Clearly Using Video . Vidyard announces powerful new video collaboration and communication tools and redesigns its enterprise video platform to make video creation and management easy for any business professional. KITCHENER, Ontario – July 9, 2020 – In today’s modern age of digital-first communication, the use of online video has skyrocketed in business as sellers, marketers, and business leaders […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard’s Personalized Holiday Video Wins Globally-Recognized Telly Award: Best B2B Video Campaign of the Year . Winning video campaign delights the audience with creative storytelling and hyper-personalization that brings each viewer into the story KITCHENER, Ontario – June 8, 2020 – Vidyard, the video platform for businesses, has been awarded a globally-recognized Telly Award in the category of Best Business-to-Business (B2B) Branded Content Video Campaign of the Year for its 2019 […]. . Read Press Release . . Global Organizations Turn to Video to Drive Marketing, Sales, and Employee Engagement in the Digital Age . As businesses ramp up investments in digital communications, online events, and remote work policies, teams are turning to online video to power conversations with prospects, customers, and employees. KITCHENER, Ontario – April 21, 2020 – Organizations around the globe are embracing online video as a more personal and compelling way to engage their audiences in […]. . Read Press Release . . Stay Connected During COVID-19 with Free Video Tools . Businesses are facing unprecedented challenges in how they market, sell, and stay connected during the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak. Event cancellations, travel restrictions, and remote work policies are making it increasingly difficult to engage prospects and customers, and to communicate effectively with our own internal employees. As a video technology provider and growing business ourselves, we […]. . Read Press Release . . Growing Businesses Turn to DIY Video Content to Scale Faster and Optimize Revenue Growth . Marketing, sales, and customer service teams embracing new approaches to using video content to cut through the noise, book more meetings, and accelerate revenue growth. KITCHENER, Ontario – February 13, 2020 – Growing businesses continue to look for new ways to stand out from larger competitors and efficiently scale their revenue in a digital-first world. […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Introduces ‘Video Selling’ Certification to Accelerate Digital Marketing and Sales Agency Growth . With increasing demand from clients for training on how to incorporate video into their sales processes, 10 leading digital marketing and sales agencies have now completed the certification KITCHENER, Ontario – Jan 29, 2020 – Vidyard, the leading video platform provider for business, has just expanded its Agency Partner Program to include an industry-first Video […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Closes $15 Million Financing with BMO Technology & Innovation Banking Group . KITCHENER, Ontario – December 20, 2019 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, announces that is has closed a $15 million financing facility with the BMO Technology & Innovation Banking Group to support future growth initiatives. The facility will help Vidyard remain focused on innovation and product development while financing strategic M&A & Global […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard’s Community Engagement Program Donates More of What Matters Most: Time, Talent and Treasure . With more than 2000+ volunteer hours contributed, 2070 community meals served, and 15 local charities supported in 2019, Vidyard continues to act upon its community engagement initiatives building a strong “give back” strategy that inspires others. KITCHENER, Ontario – December 10, 2019 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for businesses, celebrates another year of building […]. . Read Press Release . . The 2019 Video in Business Award Winners . Skyping in space. A sales rep eating blazin’ hot wings during a pitch. An explainer video that treats you like a 5-year-old. An amazing parody of The Godfather starring, well, you! Vidyard’s 2019 Video in Business Awards showcased an incredible array of video marketing and video selling strategies that are helping ordinary businesses achieve extraordinary […]. . Read Press Release . . Sales and Marketing Leaders Increase Video Investments Even Though 80% Not Confident in Measuring its Performance . For the sixth consecutive year, video investment is up and 94% of companies say videos are valuable in their daily marketing mix. KITCHENER, Ontario – November 7, 2019 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, has partnered with Heinz Marketing on an original research report to better understand the power that video has within […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Announced as One of Deloitte’s 2019 Fast 50™ and Technology Fast 500™ Fastest Growing Companies . Vidyard attributes 442% revenue growth to focus on innovation, strong leadership and rapid revenue growth. KITCHENER, November 7, 2019 — For the third year, Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, has been recognized as a recipient of Canada’s Technology Fast 50™ for its rapid revenue growth, entrepreneurial spirit and continuous innovation. The program recognizes […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Releases Free and Pro Offerings of its Business-Grade Video Hosting Service; Helps All Companies Easily Create, Customize and Share Videos . Vidyard, available now as free and pro versions, allows any business to create, host and share videos across digital channels without the drawbacks of consumer-oriented video hosting services like YouTube and Vimeo. KITCHENER, Ontario – Sept 24, 2019 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, is taking another step toward making business-grade video content […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Extends Partnership with Adobe to Bring Industry-Leading Video Hosting and Analytics to Marketo Engage Customers . Expanded partnership helps Marketo Engage customers personalize their marketing experiences and drive greater audience engagement through the power of video content and video analytics. KITCHENER, Ontario – September 18, 2019 – Vidyard, a leading video platform for business, today announced an expanded partnership with Adobe to bring the power of video content and video engagement […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Expands Offering to Bring Personalized Video App to Any Sales Professional, No Matter How They Work . As utilization of its personalized video app doubles year-over-year, Vidyard introduces new capabilities to bring the power of video to any sales professional, no matter how they work. KITCHENER, Ontario, June 06, 2019 — Today, Vidyard announced major updates to its free video messaging and screen recording app, Vidyard GoVideo®, that make it easy for […]. . Read Press Release . . 10 of HubSpot’s Top Diamond Agency Partners Select Vidyard to Power Video Platform Service . Avidly, Digital 22, IMPACT, Revenue River, SmartBug Media, and other HubSpot digital marketing and sales agencies have partnered with Vidyard as their top video platform of choice for clients KITCHENER, Ontario – May 21, 2019 – 10 of HubSpot’s top Diamond Agency Partners have partnered with Vidyard as their top video platform of choice to […]. . Read Press Release . . Outreach and Other Leading Sales Platforms Add Personalized Video Selling Tools, Powered by Vidyard GoVideo . Top sales acceleration platforms now deliver scalable video prospecting capabilities to help sales professionals book more meetings and humanize the sales process KITCHENER, Ontario – April 10, 2019 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, announces a new partnership with Outreach, the leading sales engagement platform, to bring personalized video messaging and real-time video […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Welcomes SmartBug Media to its Agency Partner Program, Brings the Power of Video to HubSpot’s Highest-Rated Agency Globally . As the use of video continues to skyrocket in the world of B2B marketing and sales tactics, SmartBug Media and Vidyard collaborate to bring the best in video to HubSpot users worldwide. WATERLOO, Ontario – December 20, 2018 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, announces that SmartBug Media, HubSpot’s highest-rated Diamond Agency Partner, […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Reorders Stakeholder List, Ranks ‘Community’ Above ‘Investors’ in Bold Move for Tech . Throughout 2018, Vidyard solidified community engagement programming and community initiatives, contributing to the building of a “give back” strategy that inspires others – and it’s all backed by Vidyard’s board of directors KITCHENER, Ontario – December 14, 2018 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, has prioritized the company’s commitment to Community as a […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Named One of Deloitte’s 2018 Fast 50™ and Technology Fast 500™ Fastest Growing Companies . Attributes 1,198% percent revenue growth to focus on innovation, culture and customer centricity. WATERLOO, November 15, 2018 — Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, has been recognized for its rapid revenue growth, bold innovation, and entrepreneurial spirit as a recipient of Deloitte Fast 50™ and Technology Fast 500™ lists. The Fast 50 program honours […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard’s Summer18 Update Helps Businesses Go Video-First Across the Customer Lifecycle . Vidyard launches new video player, brings seamless video messaging to more 3rd party apps to help businesses meet growing demand for video-based content and communication KITCHENER, Ontario – June 26, 2018 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, today unveiled its latest product enhancements to help businesses generate better leads and drive greater audience engagement […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard GoVideo for Zendesk Humanizes the Customer Support Experience with Video . Customer support teams can now capture and share personal video messages directly within Zendesk to close tickets faster and deliver a more personal customer experience. KITCHENER, Ontario – March 20, 2018 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, announces Vidyard GoVideo for Zendesk, the newest video-based Zendesk Editor Marketplace app that brings the power […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Cements its Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility . Vidyard has implemented an impactful corporate social responsibility program, hopes to inspire other high-growth companies to give back KITCHENER, Ontario – December 20, 2017 – In 2017, Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, further cemented its commitment to corporate social responsibility (CSR) by implementing programs through employee giving and volunteerism activities, corporate philanthropy, and […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Expands Leading Video Platform to Help Marketers Generate More Leads with Video . Industry-first new approach to interactive video, automated video transcriptions, and new social video capabilities help marketers extend the value of their existing content and generate more leads with video. KITCHENER, Ontario – December 5, 2017 – Vidyard, the new generation video platform for business, is making it easier than ever for B2B marketers to attract, […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Named One of Deloitte’s Technology Fast 50™ Companies . KITCHENER, November 9, 2017 — Vidyard, the new generation video platform for business, was recognized for rapid revenue growth, bold innovation and its entrepreneurial spirit with a Deloitte Technology Fast 50 program award. The Fast 50 program honours the 50 Canadian technology companies with the highest revenue-growth percentage over the past four years. Vidyard […]. . Read Press Release . . New Research Finds Use of Video Accelerating in B2B with 71 Percent Reporting that Video Converts Better than Other Content Types . Today, 90 Percent Report that Video is Becoming a More Important Content Type for Driving Business Results KITCHENER, Ontario – November 2, 2017 – For the fourth year in a row, Vidyard, the new generation video platform for business, has partnered with Demand Metric, the marketing research and advisory firm, to publish The 2017 State […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Announces Vidyard for Support to Improve the Customer Support Experience . Vidyard helps customer support teams resolve cases faster and improve customer experience with personalized and on-demand video for support KITCHENER, Ontario – October 25, 2017 – Vidyard, the new generation video platform for business, today announced Vidyard for Support, an innovative solution to help customer support teams resolve tickets faster and deliver an enhanced customer […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Helps Top B2B Sales Teams 3x Customer Engagement with Personalized Prospecting Videos . Sales teams at HubSpot, Terminus, League, PostBeyond and others rely on Vidyard to cut through the noise, book more meetings and accelerate deals with personalized video KITCHENER, Ontario – October 24, 2017 – Vidyard, the new generation video platform for business, is helping leading B2B sales teams connect with more customers and generate more pipeline […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Extends Leadership in Powering the Video-Enabled Business . Boston University, Box, DTS, Graydon Holding NV, Mimecast, New Scientist, RBI, Silk Road, Software AG, Talentsoft, Tungsten Network, Wandera and others join Vidyard’s growing roster of top global brands embracing video to transform marketing, sales and customer service. KITCHENER, Ontario – Oct 16, 2017 – Vidyard, the new generation video platform, continues its impressive growth […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Brings the Power of Video to Any Business App with Vidyard GoVideo Partner Ecosystem . Gainsight, SalesLoft, Drift and other technology leaders embrace Vidyard GoVideo to power native video experiences across business applications KITCHENER, Ontario – Sept 26, 2017 – Vidyard, the leading provider of new generation video platforms for business, is bringing the power of video to a broad range of business applications with its new Vidyard GoVideo partner […]. . Read Press Release . . Surpassing 100,000 Users, Vidyard GoVideo Leads the Way as Top Video Messaging App for Business . With more than 100,000 users in over 100 countries,Vidyard GoVideo is transforming the way business professionals communicate with personal video messages KITCHENER, Ontario – July 19, 2017 – Vidyard, the leading provider of video solutions for business, announced today that it has surpassed 100,000 users of its Vidyard GoVideo vmessaging app across more than 100 countries. Enabling […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Selected as Finalist for MIT Sloan CIO Symposium’s Innovation Showcase . Vidyard Recognized as Video for Business Innovator Kitchener ON – May 9, 2017 – The 14th annual MIT Sloan CIO Symposium today announced Vidyard was selected as a top 10 innovator for the 2017 Innovation Showcase. Vidyard’s video platform for business was selected based on strategic value and innovation to the digital enterprise now and […]. . Read Press Release . . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Showcases Canadian Innovation in Technology at Vidyard . Vidyard was honoured to welcome Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau who visited our headquarters to showcase Canadian innovation technology. KITCHENER, Ontario Canada (April 25, 2017) – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, welcomed Justin Trudeau to their offices for a tour of our space, a demo of our technology, and a fireside chat with […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Appoints Jeff Loeb as Chief Marketing Officer . Vidyard expands the executive team to accelerate customer success and revenue growth through high-velocity, customer-centric go-to-market strategies. KITCHENER, Ontario Canada (April 12, 2017) – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, welcomes Jeff Loeb as chief marketing officer (CMO). Jeff will lead the global marketing team as the company drives digital transformation through the modern […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Expands Ecosystem, Adds SalesLoft to Increase Sales Effectiveness With Personalized Video Emails . Vidyard for SalesLoft helps modern sales organizations increase their email response rates by up to 8X through the use of highly engaging, customized, and personalized video emails. KITCHENER, Ontario – March 9, 2017 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, today announces the latest addition to their growing integration community: SalesLoft, the platform for […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Adds LinkedIn CMO Shannon Stubo to Board of Directors . Shannon Stubo brings more than two decades of Silicon Valley marketing and communications expertise to Vidyard’s Board of Directors. KITCHENER, Canada (March 7, 2017) – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, announces Shannon Stubo, has joined Vidyard’s board of directors. Shannon, LinkedIn’s CMO and SVP of corporate communications, will help guide Vidyard’s rapid growth […]. . Read Press Release . . Reclaiming the Inbox: How Video Can Make Business Emails Personal Again . GoVideo enables sales professionals, executive leaders and customer support teams to easily record personalized videos and add them to their email conversations KITCHENER, Ontario – January 10, 2017 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, today launches GoVideo Enterprise, a business-class edition of GoVideo, the free video-recording tool that makes it easy for organizations to […]. . Read Press Release . . Study: Video Marketing Most Effective When Measured with Advanced Analytics . Organizations embracing video as part of account-based marketing and personalization strategies Video expanding beyond marketing departments KITCHENER, Ontario – November 29, 2016 – Video remains the hottest and most effective form of marketing content, but many marketers are missing out on returns because they aren’t adequately measuring video performance, according to a new survey from […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Named a Leader for Online Video Platforms for Sales and Marketing by Independent Research Firm . Report finds “more firms see video as a way to address their top challenges of using engaging content to connect with customers and prospects” KITCHENER, Ontario – October 31, 2016 – Vidyard, the video platform for business, has been named a leader in Online Video Platforms for Sales and Marketing by independent research firm Forrester […]. . Read Press Release . . GoVideo brings the power of video to all . Overcoming the cost and complexity of video, GoVideo lets anyone record, send and track videos from their Chrome browser – for free KITCHENER, Ontario – October 11, 2016 – Vidyard, the leading video platform for business, today launched GoVideo, a free tool that gives anyone the ability to create, send and track video right from […]. . Read Press Release . . New Vidyard Interactive Player Makes Videos More Engaging . Going beyond email gates and surveys, Vidyard enables dynamic in-video content such as real-time pricing, social media updates and choose-your-own-adventure demos KITCHENER, Ontario – September 28, 2016 – Vidyard, the video platform for business, today launched its new interactive video player, giving marketers, sales teams and others users powerful tools to improve viewer engagement. Organizations […]. . Read Press Release . . Video Marketing Becomes Key Differentiator for Oracle Marketing Cloud Customers . Lenovo, MongoDB, Bulldog Solutions and more than 100 Oracle Eloqua customers now use video content and analytics to fuel marketing success KITCHENER, Ontario – August 2, 2016 – Video has become the darling of the social media world, but modern businesses are proving that that there are real results to gain from online video content. […]. . Read Press Release . . Frost & Sullivan Honors Vidyard with Customer Value Leadership Award . KITCHENER, Ontario – July 19, 2016 – Vidyard, the video intelligence platform for business, today announced that Frost & Sullivan awarded the company its 2016 North American Customer Value Leadership Award for the video analytics market. Frost & Sullivan recognized Vidyard for its video marketing and analytics technology strength, its ability to help customers gain […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Engage Extends the Power of Video to B2B Sales, Support and Customer Success . Vidyard Engage makes it easy to send videos natively from Gmail and Outlook and understand the digital body language of viewers NEW YORK, New York – SALES MACHINE 2016 – June 15, 2016 – Vidyard, the video intelligence platform for business, today introduced Vidyard Engage – a new suite of tools that extends the power […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Hires Proven Sales Leader Darren Suomi To Lead Global Sales . KITCHENER, Ontario – May 16, 2016 – Vidyard, the video intelligence platform for business, today announced the addition of Darren Suomi as the company’s new Senior Vice President of Global Sales to help address the growing demand for video platform solutions in North America and beyond. Suomi previously held global sales leadership roles at Hootsuite […]. . Read Press Release . . Aragon Research Names Vidyard ‘Hot Vendor’ in Enterprise Video . KITCHENER, Ontario – May 5, 2016 – Aragon Research today named Vidyard, the video intelligence platform for business, a Hot Vendor in Enterprise Video for 2016 for its ability to personalize unique video content for each individual viewer and track detailed viewer engagement analytics within leading marketing automation, CRM and enterprise collaboration solutions. Aragon also recognized […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Hires Tech Veteran, Former Hootsuite Exec Steve Johnson as President, COO . Johnson will help Vidyard scale its video marketing platform as he did for Hootsuite’s social media platform. KITCHENER, Ontario – March 24, 2016 – Vidyard, the video intelligence platform for business, today announced the addition of Steve Johnson to serve as company president and chief operations officer. Johnson most recently held the role of chief revenue […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Raises $35 Million to Expand Power of Video Analytics and Digital Body Language . Series C financing led by Battery Ventures will help Vidyard further innovate in video analytics and customer insights across all facets of a business. KITCHENER, Ontario – January 26, 2016 – Vidyard, the video platform that helps businesses turn viewers into customers, today announced it has closed a $35 million (USD) Series C financing led […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Gains Momentum Among Marketo Users . More than 100 customers now using Vidyard’s integration into Marketo to track video engagement data and turn viewers into customers KITCHENER, Ontario – December 2, 2015 – Vidyard, the leading video marketing and analytics platform, today announced it has surpassed the milestone of 100 businesses using Vidyard’s integration into the Marketo engagement marketing platform. With this […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Expands Platform to Power Video in Salesforce Communities . New video capabilities improve communication, collaboration among teams, customers, partners and more Kitchener, Ontario – September 15, 2015 – Today at Dreamforce, Vidyard, the leading platform for video marketing and video analytics, introduced Video for Salesforce Communities, empowering users to share and watch video content inline within their communities and measure how engaged audiences are. […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard for Sales Enables B2B Sales Teams to Prospect and Sell with Personalized Video . New video selling solution offers native integration with Salesforce platform Kitchener, Ontario – September 15, 2015 – Vidyard, the leading platform for video marketing and video analytics, today announced Vidyard for Sales, a new video selling solution that helps B2B sales teams prospect and sell with video content and use viewer analytics to better understand their […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Announces 2015 Video Marketing Awards to Honor Innovative Use of Video Content . Winners for best use of video in B2B and B2C marketing campaigns to be announced at upcoming Space Camp video marketing summit in San Francisco. Kitchener, Ontario – July 22, 2015 – Vidyard, the video marketing and analytics leader, today announced the 2015 Video Marketing Awards (VMAs) to recognize organizations and individual marketers using video content […]. . Read Press Release . . Demand Spring Partners with Vidyard to Offer B2B Video Marketing Consulting Service . Kitchener, Ontario – July 15, 2015 – Demand Spring and Vidyard today announced a partnership to offer the industry’s first video marketing consulting service for B2B marketing and demand generation teams. The new service offering will complement Demand Spring’s current portfolio of services that help marketing organizations improve their ability to generate more qualified leads and […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard and SnapApp Partner to Bring the Power of Interactive Video to B2B Marketers . Nashville, TN – Sirius Decisions Summit – May 12, 2015 – Vidyard, a global leader in video marketing and video analytics solutions, and SnapApp, the leading platform for creating interactive content experiences, today announced a new partnership to combine the power of video with interactive content. Now marketers can easily create, publish and measure interactive videos […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Hires CRM Industry Veteran as New Vice President of Sales . KITCHENER, Ontario – April 15, 2015 – Vidyard, a global leader in video marketing and video analytics solutions, today announced it has hired Kris Lawson, former Microsoft and Salesforce executive, as the company’s new Vice President of Sales to help address the exploding demand for video platform solutions across marketing and sales organizations. Following […]. . Read Press Release . . Cetera Financial Group, Lenovo and Prophix Software Boost Video Marketing Results with Vidyard for Eloqua . KITCHENER, Ontario – March 31, 2015 – The world’s leading modern marketers are realizing the power of video to engage their online audiences, and they are increasingly converting those viewers into customers by integrating video engagement data with their Eloqua marketing automation platform. Cetera Financial Group, Lenovo and Prophix Software have recently turned to Vidyard […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Raises $18M from Bessemer Venture Partners and Other Investors to Fuel Video Marketing Industry . With Vidyard, Video becomes an Active Tool for Lead Generation, Qualification, Customer Insight and Revenue Growth KITCHENER, Ontario – January 14, 2015 – Vidyard, the global leader in video marketing and sales enablement solutions, today announced it has raised $18 million in Series B funding led by Bessemer Venture Partners with participation from […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Brings Video Engagement Tracking and Analytics to Act-On Marketing Automation Platform . KITCHENER, Ontario – December 3, 2014 – Vidyard, a global leader in video marketing and sales enablement solutions, today launched its integration with the Act-On marketing automation platform. The integration gives Act-On users the ability to track video viewing activities of their contacts across all distribution channels. Marketers can now leverage the resulting video engagement […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Co-founders Receive EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™ Award . KITCHENER, Ontario – October 30, 2014 – Vidyard co-founders Michael Litt and Devon Galloway were named EY’s Entrepreneur Of The Year Ontario Young Entrepreneur award winners at the annual gala held in Toronto, Canada. Litt and Galloway were recognized for their success in building Vidyard into a leading provider of video marketing solutions, […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Adds Video Analytics to New Salesforce Wave Analytics Cloud . KITCHENER, Ontario – October 14, 2014 – Vidyard, a global leader in video marketing and sales enablement solutions, is bringing video analytics and video ROI reporting to the new Salesforce Wave Analytics Cloud. By reporting on which online videos are helping to drive the most leads and revenue, Vidyard makes it easy to track the […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard to offer non-profits access to video marketing platform . SAN FRANCISCO, California – October 1, 2014 –Vidyard, the global leader in video marketing platform technology, today announced the Vidyard Impact Program (VIP) for Non-Profits, a new initiative that will enable non-profit organizations to use the Vidyard video marketing platform to help them reach their business goals through the strategic use of online video. […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard makes it easy to create and share videos with new Vidyard Studio . SAN FRANCISCO, California – October 1, 2014 – Today at its Ignite video marketing conference, Vidyard announced the launch of Vidyard Studio, a new product offering that makes it easier than ever to create and share custom videos. With Vidyard Studio, sales and marketing professionals can easily record new videos, share them securely with customers […]. . Read Press Release . . Honeywell, Fiberlink, Intralinks, and Sevone Select Vidyard for Strategic Video Marketing . KITCHENER, Ontario – September 23, 2014 – As word continues to spread about the effectiveness of video marketing, organizations are flocking to Vidyard to help them optimize the performance of video assets and identify and convert online video viewers. Honeywell, (NYSE:HON), Fiberlink (an IBM company), Intralinks and SevOne have recently turned to Vidyard to maximize their ROI […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Adds Salesforce Pardot Support to Industry-Leading Video Marketing Platform . Vidyard, a global leader in video marketing solutions, today announced a new integration that enables Salesforce Pardot customers to identify online video viewers and track their viewing histories as part of lead scoring, qualification and automated nurture programs. With this release, Vidyard now offers native integrations across Salesforce, enabling brands to leverage online video as […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Enables Marketers to Create Custom-Branded Video Channel Experiences . Vidyard, the global leader in video marketing solutions, today introduced Vidyard Video Hubs, a new product that enables marketers to easily create custom-branded video channels on their own corporate websites. Built on the Vidyard video marketing platform, Video Hubs is the industry’s first turnkey solution for creating immersive video channels that can identify and track […]. . Read Press Release . . Video Marketing Pioneer Vidyard Appoints New Chief Marketing Officer . Vidyard, the world’s leading video marketing platform, today announced the hire of Tyler Lessard as their new Chief Marketing Officer to help the company extend its market leadership and sales momentum. Vidyard saw its revenue grow 19x last year, resulting in recognition from Reuters as one of the fastest growing startups likely to go public […]. . Read Press Release . . Vidyard Launches Video App on Salesforce.com’s AppExchange, the World’s Leading Business Apps Marketplace . Vidyard today announced it has launched Vidyard for Salesforce, empowering businesses to connect with customers, partners and employees in entirely new ways using video. Adding a video layer to the Salesforce experience, Vidyard gives organizations a simple interface to upload and share videos with internal teams, contacts and leads. Individual viewing history can be tracked […]. . Read Press Release . . . . . . . . Press Contact. Press Team . press@www.vidyard.com . . . . . . . . . . Get a demo. . Video for every customer moment. . a]:!no-underline"> Get a demo . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Product. Vidyard Video Messages . Video Agent . AI Avatars New . Vidyard Hosting . More Features → . Watch a Demo . AI Avatar Product Tour . Free Screen Recorder . Product Updates . Integrations 51 . Pricing . . . . . Solutions. Prospecting & Intros . Post-Sales . Converting & Closing . Sales . Marketing . Corporate Comms . . . Industries. SaaS . Consumer Sales . Enterprise . . . . . . . . Company. About Us . Careers Now Hiring . Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging . Press . Our Customers . Contact Us . . . . . Resources. Blog . AI Resource Hub New . Fast Forward . Sales Glossary . Mic Test . Cam Test . How Vidyard Compares . Our Security Program . Help Center . System status . . . . . . . . . facebook youtube linkedIn . . . Menu Title. Privacy Policy . Legal . Accessibility . Your Privacy Choices . . . Copyright © 2026 Buildscale, Inc d/b/a Vidyard. . . . . . .