https://mach9.ai/news/12-million-seed-funding

Mach9 Raises $12 Million Led by Quiet Capital to Scale AI-Powered Geospatial Mapping Solutions | Mach9 News — Mach9 . About Company . News . Blog . . . Industries Survey & Engineering . Telecommunications . Transportation Agencies . Electric Utilities . . . Customers Events Careers Partners Trimble . RIEGL . Leica . NavVis . Phoenix . . . Get started . . Miles surveyed 100,000+ · Projects delivered 2,500+ · Features extracted 11M+ · Hardware partners Riegl / Trimble / Leica · . Miles surveyed 100,000+ · Projects delivered 2,500+ · Features extracted 11M+ · Hardware partners Riegl / Trimble / Leica · . . . Release. NOVEMBER 14, 2024. Mach9 Raises $12 Million Led by Quiet Capital to Scale AI-Powered Geospatial Mapping Solutions . Funding will drive team growth and advance product development amid soaring demand from key infrastructure partners.. . . . San Francisco, CA – November 14th, 2024 – Mach9, an industry leader in AI-powered map making software, today announced the close of a $12 million seed funding round led by Quiet Capital, alongside new and existing investors including Overmatch Ventures, Kyle Vogt (founder of Cruise), Amar Hanspal (former CEO of Autodesk), Scott Belsky (CPO of Adobe), and Gokul Rajaram (former executive at DoorDash). This funding follows the successful deployment of Mach9's flagship product, Digital Surveyor, which addresses the $3 trillion global infrastructure market's need for precise, scalable geospatial data solutions.. Digital Surveyor converts large-scale LiDAR scans into precise digital maps, automatically identifying 20+ features like utility poles, traffic signals, and road signs, which streamlines survey work at unprecedented speeds. “Our AI-powered software accelerates mapping up to 96 times faster than traditional methods,” said Alex Baikovitz, cofounder & CEO of Mach9. “We're saving infrastructure owners millions of hours of manual analysis and are on track to map hundreds of thousands of miles next year alone, with the potential to cover tens of millions of miles globally in the near future.”. Since launching Digital Surveyor, Mach9 has provided essential support to leading infrastructure partners, such as Michael Baker International, POWER Engineers, Langan, and Fibersmith. Digital Surveyor addresses a crucial market need by offering a geospatial software tool specifically designed to support extensive projects spanning 100 miles to 10,000 miles, helping these companies - and many others - manage large-scale long-range infrastructure projects more effectively.. Russell Hall, Sr. Survey Project Manager at Langan, shared, “The team at Mach9 have such an amazing product in Digital Surveyor. We love the QA/QC workflow that allows staff to quickly and efficiently validate all features. Adding points is also very simple and straightforward, not to mention doing this all in a web browser. AI will have such an important role in mobile scanning very soon, and the Mach9 team is positioned to lead the way.”. For Michael Baker International, one of the first adopters of Digital Surveyor, Mach9's development has been equally impactful. “We've been engaged with Mach9 over the past two years and have been continually impressed as we've watched Digital Surveyor go from concept to deployment,” said Aaron Morris, Vice President and National Practice Executive at Michael Baker International. “Michael Baker has been pushing the profession with new innovations throughout our 15-years of Mobile LiDAR operation, and we see Mach9 as a valued partner to deliver next-gen AI solutions to support our clients' most complex and challenging projects.”. With the new capital, Mach9 plans to expand its 14-person team, adding top engineering talent to meet increasing demand. “We're thrilled to use this funding to bring even more talented engineers into the fold,” added Alex. “Our platform is only scratching the surface of what's possible in the realm of 3D perception and graphics. We believe our technology can expand into many ‘unmapped’ areas of infrastructure that have historically lacked access to high-quality spatial data. Our vision is a future where smarter infrastructure management leads to a safer, more sustainable world.”. “Mach9 is revolutionizing how we map the world. From transportation and construction to utilities and defense, our physical infrastructure depends on precise geospatial data—and the demand for this is exploding.” said Michael Bloch, Partner at Quiet Capital and lead investor of this round. “Mach9's technology isn't just an incremental improvement—it's a paradigm shift. By automating a slow, labor-intensive process with fast, efficient AI software, they're redefining the industry and unlocking billions in value for their customers. Quiet is thrilled to back a company with the power to disrupt and scale at this level.”. About Mach9. Mach9 is revolutionizing geospatial intelligence through its AI-powered advanced mapping and feature extraction technology. Mach9's flagship product, Digital Surveyor, automates the identification and mapping of key infrastructure elements like utility poles, road signs, traffic lights, and 100+ other features from massive-scale mobile LiDAR scans. The platform accelerates surveying by up to 96 times, saving infrastructure projects from costly manual analysis and cutting down project timelines significantly. Headquartered in San Francisco, Mach9 empowers the Architecture, Engineering, and Construction industries to tackle large-scale long-range projects efficiently, unlocking new opportunities for smarter, more resilient infrastructure development.. Media Contact. info@mach9.ai . . . . ← Newer article Mach9 Unveils Digital Surveyor 2: a New Standard for LiDAR Feature Extraction MARCH 19, 2026 . . ← All news . . . . . Stay in the know about automated 3D mapping, sign up for our newsletter.. Work email Subscribe . ABOUT . CAREERS . NEWS . BLOG . LINKEDIN . INDUSTRIES . CUSTOMERS . PARTNERS . . . © 2026 Mach9 Robotics Inc. All rights reserved.. Your privacy choices . Notice at collection . Cookies . . . . Book a demo . .