https://www.greencanopynode.com/blog/category/Impact+Investing

Impact Investing — Blog — Green Canopy NODE . . . . . . . . . Build Innovate Invest Live About Blog + Careers . Back Development Services Pre-Development Architecture + Design Comprehensive Construction Plan Construction Management Consulting . Back Construction Technologies Net Zero Energy All-Electric Healthy Homes . Back Invest Investor Portal . Back Available Homes Past Homes Homeowners . Back Mission + Values Team + Board Contact . Back Blog In the News Videos + Podcasts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Build Development Services Pre-Development Architecture + Design Comprehensive Construction Plan Construction Management Consulting Innovate Construction Technologies Net Zero Energy All-Electric Healthy Homes Invest Invest Investor Portal Live Available Homes Past Homes Homeowners About Mission + Values Team + Board Contact Blog + Blog In the News Videos + Podcasts Careers . . Green Canopy NODE. . . . . . . . . . . No results found. . . . . . . . Categories Affordability . Awards . Construction Technology . Corporate Culture . Development Services . Environment . Events . Features . Green Building . Impact Investing . Impact Metrics . Interviews . Net Zero Energy . Presentations . Press Releases . Press and Media . Real Estate Market . Responsibility . Social Equity . Theory of Change . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Posts in Impact Investing . Green Canopy NODE Recognized as Real Leaders Top Impact Companies of 2024 . . . . . Green Canopy NODE is pleased to share we have been selected as a Top Impact Company by Real Leaders for 2024.Our commitment to advancing sustainable building practices through innovative approaches like Mass Timber and the power of manufacturing has played a key role in receiving this award for a fifth year. Many thanks to our clients, partners, and team for your unwavering support in our work to make fast, sustainable, and cost-effective home assembly a reality 🏘️. . 📰 Read more about the Impact Awards and find us on page 28 in Real Leaders Magazine: https://real-leaders.com/top-impact-companies . Learn more about Green Canopy NODE’s impact and work to revolutionize the built environment through innovative construction-tech systems to build sustainable homes faster. . . About Green Canopy NODE . Green Canopy NODE is an integrated construction technology and real estate development company. Over its history, it has sought to embrace the innovation required to change the current paradigm of housing development and deliver on its commitment to help regenerate communities and environments. The company works with its clients and investors to develop high-performing, deep green, all-electric, and healthy housing. . About Real Leaders . Real Leaders is a membership community for impact leaders with a global media platform dedicated to driving positive change. It’s on a mission to unite farsighted leaders to transform our shortsighted world. Founded in 2010, Real Leaders recognized early on that businesses bore a responsibility to be as cognizant of their impact on employees, society, and the planet as they are on their bottom line. Real Leaders is a B Corporation, member of the UN Global Compact, and is independently owned. . . . . . . . . Awards , Features , Impact Investing , Press and Media Admin GreenCanopy January 17, 2024 . . . Green Canopy NODE's 2022 Impact Report . . . . . 2022 Impact report . . . We are pleased to share our 2022 Impact Report! . I deeply believe that as a society we are going to make the transition to a resilient future. That said, the path to get there may not be smooth or pretty. However, if the pandemic has taught us anything, it is that when faced with crisis, we can adapt and rise to the occasion.. At Green Canopy NODE, we stand at the forefront of this movement, fully aware of the magnitude of the problem and the immense potential for positive change. Through our commitment to building carbon-negative, healthy homes, we strive to regenerate communities and environments, demonstrating that housing can be a catalyst for transformation.. We are a deeply committed community of teammates, board members, shareholders, impact investors, institutional investors, homeowners, landowners, developers, affordable housing groups, architects, real estate agents, and sub-contractors.. Together we are building the future of housing!. I invite you to join us on this journey. Please feel free to start by sharing with me your insights and reflections on this report.. With deep gratitude, . Susan Fairchild . Chief Marketing & Impact Officer. . . . . . . . Impact Metrics , Theory of Change , Social Equity , Responsibility , Real Estate Market , Net Zero Energy , Impact Investing , Green Building , Development Services , Corporate Culture , Affordability Admin GreenCanopy June 29, 2023 Impact Report . . . Green Canopy NODE selected as a 2023 ImpactAssets 50 fund manager . . . . . Green Canopy NODE is pleased to announce the firm was selected as an ImpactAssets 50 fund manager (IA50). This is the third time Green Canopy NODE has been included. The IA50 is a free publicly available, searchable database of impact investment fund managers for impact investors, family offices, corporations, foundations, and institutional investors. The 2023 edition of IA 50 features a record number of private impact fund managers delivering social and environmental impact as well as financial returns. . For many investors, sourcing investment offerings that intentionally target financial, social and environmental returns can be a time consumptive process. The rigor that the IA 50 Review Committee conducts to source impact investment fund managers provides not just a leg up for investors but for the field at large. . “This acknowledgement comes at an exciting time. Green Canopy NODE will soon be announcing its fifth real estate investment fund, the Douglas Fir Fund, which expects to deploy investment capital primarily in projects that utilize sustainable mass timber,” says Aaron Fairchild, Co-CEO. . . . . ImpactAssets 50 . . . . About Green Canopy NODE . Green Canopy NODE is a construction technology company transforming builders into assemblers with our prefabricated home and apartment assembly kits. ​With a mission to regenerate communities and environments, Green Canopy NODE is working to address the acute pain in the housing industry and help our clients deliver sustainable, healthy housing faster. Green Canopy NODE Capital has managed four real estate funds aligned to this mission while providing investors resilient financial, social and environmental returns. . About the ImpactAssets 50 . The IA 50 is the first publicly available database that provides a gateway into the world of impact investing for donors and/or investors and their financial advisors, offering an easy way to identify experienced impact investment firms and explore the landscape of potential investment opportunities. The IA 50 is intended to illustrate the breadth of impact investment fund managers operating today, though it is not a comprehensive list. Firms have been selected to demonstrate a wide range of impact investing activities across geographies, sectors and asset classes. . About ImpactAssets . ImpactAssets is an impact investing trailblazer, dedicated to changing the trajectory of our planet’s future and improving the lives of all people. As a leading impact investing firm, we offer deep strategic expertise to help our clients define and execute on their impact goals. Founded in 2010, ImpactAssets increases flows of money to impact investing in partnership with our clients through our impact investment platform and field-building initiatives, including the IA 50 database of private debt and equity impact fund managers. ImpactAssets has more than $2 billion in assets in 1,700 donor advised fund accounts, working with purpose-driven individuals and their wealth managers, family offices, foundations and corporations. ImpactAssets is an independent 501(c)(3) organization. . . For more information, please contact: . Susan Fairchild . Chief Marketing Officer . susan@greencanopynode.com . . . . . . . . . . Features , Impact Investing , Press and Media , Press Releases , Awards Admin GreenCanopy March 16, 2023 . . . Green Canopy NODE’s Crowdfunding Campaign Successfully Comes to an End . . . . . FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE . The Seattle-based Construction Tech Company Concluded its 90-day StartEngine Raise to Scale Innovative Mass Timber Products to Build Healthier Homes Faster and More Sustainably . SEATTLE, Washington (February 22, 2023 ) – Green Canopy NODE is pleased to announce the successful closing of its first equity crowdfunding campaign on StartEngine. The Company is extremely proud to welcome over 60 new shareholders, who joined in bringing the power of manufacturing to build homes, relationships, and businesses that help regenerate communities and environments.​ . This was a valuable opportunity for Green Canopy NODE to democratize investing in the growing company. "We are humbled and grateful for the support we've received from our community,” said co-CEO Aaron Fairchild. "Their excitement in our team and mission is energizing and will help us continue innovating within the sustainable housing industry." . Green Canopy NODE is scaling construction-tech systems to build sustainable homes faster and with cost-control. The funds raised will be used to further develop and expand the company's innovative mass timber building products, bringing sustainable housing solutions to more residents, developers, and builders around the United States. . The Company's Innovation Ecosystem Model integrates construction technology products , sustainable residential development pipeline , and real estate fund management . This unique approach creates a flywheel to help clients deliver high-quality, energy-efficient homes that are both beautiful and healthier for residents and the environment. “We are leveraging our integrated construction ecosystem to provide product-market fit on-site, with clear proof points on how our products simplify construction while boosting productivity,” said co-CEO Bec Wilder Chapin. . The success of this crowdfunding campaign solidifies the company's position as a leader in sustainable housing and construction technology innovation. Green Canopy NODE will join the International Mass Timber Conference in Portland next March, in an ongoing effort to connect with the industry and create partnerships to foster a sustainable transformation of the built environment. . To learn more about Green Canopy NODE, follow on LinkedIn , Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter . . ###. About Green Canopy NODE . Green Canopy NODE is an integrated construction technology , real estate development, and fund management company. Over its history, it has sought to embrace the innovation required to change the current paradigm of housing development and deliver on its commitment to help regenerate communities and environments. The company works with its clients and investors to develop high-performing, deep green, all-electric, and healthy housing. . . For more information, please contact: . Susan Fairchild . Chief Marketing Officer . susan@greencanopynode.com . . . . . . . . Construction Technology , Impact Investing , Press and Media Admin GreenCanopy February 22, 2023 startengine , equity crowdfunding , Impact Investing . . . Green Canopy NODE Recognized in Real Leaders Top Impact Companies of 2023 . . . . . SEATTLE, Washington (January 18, 2023 ) – Green Canopy NODE is honored to be recognized as one of the 300 Top Impact Companies Award by Real Leaders 2023, featured in the real estate sector. “It is an honor to stand with so many inspiring companies working to create the world we know is possible,” said Bec Chapin, co-CEO of Green Canopy NODE. . Each year, Real Leaders magazine acknowledges top-impact companies from around the globe, solving critical problems through innovative and sustainable solutions. “This is our fifth annual ranking, and the number of award winners has tripled. It’s encouraging to see how this movement is going mainstream with businesses worldwide,” said Mark Van Ness, Founder of Real Leaders. “We are excited to welcome new and past company winners to the impact movement and into the Real Leaders Impact Awards community.” . Green Canopy NODE has been featured for the fourth consecutive time. “We are thrilled to be recognized by Real Leaders among many other values-aligned companies,” said co-CEO Aaron Fairchild. “Our long-term focus on regenerating communities and environments through sustainable homes for everyone has been a huge part of achieving this award; the rest is thanks to our incredible team effort and our community stakeholder’s on-going support.” . A virtual ceremony will be held on February 16, 2023, to honor the winners and will feature several high-profile keynote speakers. The 2023 list features a mix of respected impact brands of all sizes and various industries with companies such as Advantage Capital, FuelCell Energy, and Patagonia, among many others. . Learn more about Green Canopy NODE’s impact and work to revolutionize the built environment through innovative construction-tech systems to build sustainable homes faster. . . About Green Canopy NODE . Green Canopy NODE is an integrated construction technology , real estate development, and fund management company. Over its history, it has sought to embrace the innovation required to change the current paradigm of housing development and deliver on its commitment to help regenerate communities and environments. The company works with its clients and investors to develop high-performing, deep green, all-electric, and healthy housing. . About Real Leaders . Real Leaders is a membership community for impact leaders with a global media platform dedicated to driving positive change. It’s on a mission to unite farsighted leaders to transform our shortsighted world. Founded in 2010, Real Leaders recognized early on that businesses bore a responsibility to be as cognizant of their impact on employees, society, and the planet as they are on their bottom line. Real Leaders is a B Corporation, member of the UN Global Compact, and is independently owned. . . For more information, please contact: . Susan Fairchild . Chief Marketing Officer . susan@greencanopynode.com . 206-792-7280 . . . . . . . . . Awards , Features , Impact Investing , Press and Media Admin GreenCanopy January 18, 2023 . . . Investing in Green Canopy NODE: A Webinar Recap and a Big Thank You! . . . . . . . . . . . . . Green Canopy NODE’s team was pleased to host its first equity crowdfunding webinar. For those of you that were able to join the call, on behalf of the team, thank you for taking the time and for asking such insightful questions! . Still, considering investing? Here are some key takeaways! . Q: What do you plan to do with the money you’re raising or why are you raising money on start engine? . A: We are raising money on start engine to democratize investing in sustainable housing. We know a lot of people are passionate about finding sustainable housing solutions and until now, only accredited investors could invest in new construction technology. . Additional capital will allow us to go at an enhanced speed and eliminate more friction for added growth next year. . Learn about our mission and values here . . Q: Why is the construction industry slow to change, and what is Green Canopy NODE doing about it? . Stakeholders in construction tend to work in silos, which is not very seamless or efficient. Combined with the long development timelines, innovation in construction is difficult. Even those that can break ground and innovate face an industry in which adopting new technologies can be a hurdle. The hack we are most excited about is integrating real estate development with a product that creates the speed to bypass long development timelines and expensive customer acquisition costs. We have already proven this out! . Green Canopy NODE’s Construction-Tech Systems – including a whole house set of Cross Laminated Timber (CLT) structural and component products – improve the quality and timeliness of construction. . Q: When is the best time for a developer to explore purchasing Green Canopy NODE’s products? . Product inquiry usually comes during the pre-development phases of a project. Working with our Real Estate Development Services team, clients can optimize the construction process ahead, reduce timelines and increase project efficiency. We work with clients to build out a thoroughly engineered and manufactured structural solution for their project. . Interested in knowing more about our Mass Timber model home? Sign up for our newsletter and stay tuned to our progress! . Q: What is Coming up for Green Canopy NODE? . Green Canopy NODE made greater progress in 2022 than anticipated. In 2023, the company will launch its fifth real estate investment fund, and it is excitedly working toward opening a new MEP light-manufacturing facility in a new region while continuing to fulfill more product. . Likewise, we continue to be excited about the opportunity to democratize investing in our company. This is the first time the company has been able to raise capital from non-accredited investors who are interested in our company and what we are doing. Thank you for considering joining our team as a shareholder! . We invite you to learn more about our StartEngine campaign and invest today. . Together, we can scale sustainable, healthy homes for everyone! . . . . . . . . Construction Technology , Impact Investing , Interviews Admin GreenCanopy December 20, 2022 webinar , faq , Impact Investing , startengine . . . Green Canopy NODE Launches Equity Crowdfunding Raise to Democratize Investment, Now Live on StartEngine . . . . . The Seattle Construction Tech Company is Raising Capital to Scale its Innovative Construction Products that Enable Developers to Build Healthier Homes Faster and More Sustainably . FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE . SEATTLE, Washington (December 1, 2022) - Green Canopy NODE is pleased to announce the launch of its first crowdfunding campaign, now available for investment to the public on StartEngine . The Seattle-based construction technology, real estate development, and fund management company has long believed that investment in private companies should be democratized. Launching this campaign allows everyone, not just institutional or accredited investors, to invest in revolutionizing the construction industry to build more sustainable, healthy homes faster.. “We are excited about crowdfunding because it gives more people an opportunity to be a part of transforming how homes are built, while at the same time offering real positive social and environmental impact for our communities and the planet,” said Co-CEO Aaron Fairchild. “When individuals with normal incomes align their values to their investments, they become direct participants in positive transformation with us –they become impact investors for a better world.” . Green Canopy NODE is raising capital to scale its technology development with innovative construction products that simplify construction while boosting productivity – building faster and more sustainably. The company leverages its integrated construction ecosystem, proving product-market fit on-site through its certified green real estate development pipeline and real estate funds. . In 2023, Green Canopy NODE plans to install millions of dollars worth of utility and structural products on site and develop a new region of expansion across the US – selling to other developers and builders directly and through channel partners with its configurable product catalog. “Our roadmap is clear – we’re here to scale healthy and sustainable homes from everyone,” said Co-CEO Bec Chapin. “Given the labor and supply shortages, traditional homebuilders simply can’t produce enough. It’s time to revolutionize the industry, and we see our integrated construction ecosystem as the model required for scale.” . The vertically integrated company is also an experienced fund manager. Green Canopy NODE Capital has successfully launched and managed four real estate funds and is soon to launch its pioneering fifth fund on mass timber. Learn more about Green Canopy NODE’s offering and how to invest at www.startengine.com/greencanopynode . . . . Download Press Release . . . ###. About Green Canopy NODE. Green Canopy NODE is an integrated construction technology , real estate development, and fund management company. Over its history, it has sought to embrace the innovation required to change the current paradigm of housing development and deliver on its commitment to help regenerate communities and environments. The company works with its clients and investors to develop high-performing, deep green, all-electric, and healthy housing. . For more information, please contact: . Susan Fairchild . Chief Marketing Officer . susan@greencanopynode.com . 206-792-7280 . Making investments in privately held companies is considered high risk. Before making an investment, please review the full campaign page on StartEngine , which includes risks and disclosures. . . . . . . . . Impact Investing , Press Releases , Press and Media , Construction Technology Admin GreenCanopy December 1, 2022 crowdfunding , Impact Investing , impinv , startengine . . . Green Canopy NODE's 2021 Impact Report . . . . . 2021 Impact report . . . The Spring season begins a beautiful process of birth and renewal. What once was dormant, begins to awake, slowly unfurl, and reveal its true purpose. To be called to purpose with such intention is not to be taken lightly. . . Amidst the ongoing strain of the pandemic and global crises, Green Canopy & NODE took the concept of purpose further. Rather than tackle the challenges of the construction industry separate from each other, we recognized that we could accelerate transformation of the construction industry towards greater sustainability, health, and affordability together. Today, Green Canopy NODE is a collective of investors, innovators, changemakers, makers-at-heart, and people living their lives aligned to purpose. Our shared vision is to provide more healthy and sustainable housing for people of all income levels across the nation. . . I am grateful to not be alone in this work. At Green Canopy NODE we come together in a coordinated effort to do more than one person could on their own. I am blessed with a deeply committed community of teammates, board members, shareholders, impact investors, institutional investors, homeowners, landowners, developers, affordable housing groups, architects, real estate agents, and sub-contractors; all playing an important role in achieving our collective mission and vision. . . I welcome you to engage with us on this journey! Please feel free to start by sharing with me your insights and reflections on this report. . . With deep gratitude, . Susan Fairchild, Chief Marketing and Impact Officer . Green Canopy NODE. . . . . . . . Impact Metrics , Theory of Change , Social Equity , Responsibility , Real Estate Market , Net Zero Energy , Impact Investing , Green Building , Development Services , Corporate Culture , Affordability Admin GreenCanopy June 17, 2022 Impact Report . . . Green Canopy NODE selected to Impact Assets 50! . . . . . Green Canopy NODE is humbled by being recognized as a 2022 ImpactAssets 50 fund manager. Impact investments are made to generate measurable social and environmental positive impact alongside financial returns. Green Canopy NODE hopes to inspire all investors to align their capital investments with their values by continuing to demonstrate that with thoughtfulness and care, rewarding financial returns can be earned using an impact investment approach. The IA50 recognizes a diverse group of impact investment fund managers who demonstrate a commitment to generating positive social, environmental, and financial impact.. . . . ImpactAssets 50 . . . "If we want to create a better future, we have to invest in that better future." -Susan Fairchild, Chief Marketing Officer, Green Canopy NODE . . This acknowledgement comes at an exciting time. Green Canopy NODE, in partnership with other strategically aligned organizations, is in the process of developing its fifth real estate investment fund, to be announced later this year. The Fund is being designed to invest in residential real estate that is built using the power of manufacturing with carbon-smart construction methods, materials, and technologies for families at various income levels, while generating favorable returns to its investors.. . “As impact investing continues its inexorable rise, it is critical to provide investors with a curated, objective evaluation of impact fund managers. The IA 50 is built to filter out the noise that is growing louder in impact investing and help investors focus on deep, meaningful impact." Jennifer Kenning, CEO and Co-Founder, Align Impact, IA 50 Senior Investment Advisor . . . . . . . . Awards , Features , Impact Investing , Impact Metrics , Press and Media , Responsibility Admin GreenCanopy March 16, 2022 . . . Green Canopy NODE Recognized Among Top 200 Impact Companies of 2022 . . . . . Real Leaders has announced the newly selected winners of its 2022 Top Impact Companies from around the world. “Business leaders across the globe are rapidly discovering that to be competitive – and to grow and thrive – they must forgo shortsighted thinking in favor of a farsighted vision that takes into account their company’s social and environmental impact,” said Mark Van Ness, Founder of Real Leaders . “We are excited to welcome new and old companies alike to the impact movement, and into the Real Leaders Impact Awards community.”. Green Canopy NODE is pleased to be featured as number 120 in the 2022 list that features a mix of respected impact brands of all sizes and from a variety of industries, including Allbirds, Danone, and Warby Parker. See Impact Award Rankings here .. . . . View Rankings . . . “This recognition is humbling and made possible through the dedicated effort of the Green Canopy NODE team, board, and supporting stakeholders. We would like to thank everyone involved in our mission to build homes, businesses, and relationships that help regenerate communities and environments." - Aaron Fairchild, Co-CEO.. . "We are honored to be recognized for the past three years as a part of the Real Leaders community building businesses to create the world we know is possible. We have so much more good work to come." - Bec Chapin, Co-CEO.. A virtual ceremony will be held on February 24, 2022 to honor the winners and will feature a keynote from Peter Diamandis, founder and executive chairman of the XPRIZE Foundation and executive founder of Singularity University. . . ABOUT REAL LEADERS . Real Leaders is a membership community for impact leaders with a global media platform dedicated to driving positive change. It’s on a mission to unite farsighted leaders to transform our shortsighted world. Founded in 2010, Real Leaders recognized early on that businesses bore a responsibility to be as cognizant of their impact on employees, society, and the planet as they are on their bottom line. Real Leaders is a B Corporation, member of the UN Global Compact, and is independently owned. . . . . . . . . Press and Media , Impact Investing , Impact Metrics , Awards Admin GreenCanopy January 12, 2022 Real Leaders , Awards , In the News , Impact . . . Green Canopy’s 2020 Impact Report The year 2020 will go down in history books. We navigated through a pandemic and participated and observed civil unrest due to the murders of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor, and others. During this time, an additional 200,000 small businesses permanently shuttered, while at the same time the largest tech companies grew and billionaires profited such that their wealth grew by 27% during the peak of the crisis.. . Perhaps we needed 2020 to rip the band aid off our perception that the world is just fine, and that status quo is good enough. Yet, the built environment is still responsible for 40% of our global carbon emissions. And, amidst a housing affordability crisis, the nation is 3.8 million homes short of demand and growing.. . Fortunately, people did come together to reimagine a more resilient and vibrant future. We hope that by sharing this report we can create further inspiration and market transformation towards a brighter, more resilient, healthy and equitable future that in our hearts know is possible. While 2020 was a particular challenging year, Green Canopy continues to position itself to disrupt the industry to ensure a better alternative to the current paradigm of housing.. . . . . 2020 Impact Report . . . With deep gratitude, . Susan Fairchild. Director of Investor Relations & Impact . . . . . . . . . Impact Metrics , Impact Investing , Real Estate Market , Responsibility , Social Equity , Theory of Change , Green Building Admin GreenCanopy June 23, 2021 B Corp , Corporate Social Responsibility , Impact Report , CSR , Metrics , Responsibility Report , B Corporation , Impact Investing , Social Finance , Batch 5 . . . Final Report: Green Canopy’s Successfully Winds Up Third Fund Green Canopy is pleased to announce the successful wind-up of the Birch Fund. The Birch Fund is the firm’s third Real Estate Impact Fund. The Fund, managed by Green Canopy Capital, provided capital to acquire and construct certified green and energy efficient residential projects in Seattle, WA and Portland, OR. The Birch Fund deployed $15.3M in capital from 60 impact investors from around the nation, The Fund returned an annualized IRR to investors of 10.7%, in line with investor expectations. . . . . View the Birch Fund Report . . . The Birch Fund enabled Green Canopy to build 102 deep green and healthy homes across Seattle and Portland. Of these homes, 10 were Net Zero Energy and 8 were Net Zero Energy Ready homes. “By opting to build deep green, sustainable homes that far surpass code requirements, Green Canopy has been able to mitigate 731 metric tons of greenhouse gases. That’s equivalent to us planting over 12,000 trees,” says Sam Lai, Co-Founder of Green Canopy.. Impact investments are made with the intention to generate positive, measurable social and environmental impact alongside a financial return on invested capital. In 2011, Green Canopy began Green Canopy Capital, a wholly owned fund manager to scale the Firm’s impact through impact investments. Impact investors have fueled all four of Green Canopy Capital’s funds, ensuring ongoing alignment with Green Canopy’s mission and theory of change, while also providing a healthy financial return. . “As our family foundation shifted focus from grant-based mitigation to investing in systems change, our relationship with Green Canopy Homes has evolved from an interesting new portfolio company to trusted impact partner. Across three generations of funds, as well as special projects, we are proud to (profitably!) support the development of all-electric, highly efficient homes in thriving, walkable communities.” – Jim Norton, Rouse Family Foundation . As a portfolio company of the angel investment group E8 , Green Canopy is delighted with the ongoing partnership in aligning investor capital to our fund offerings. E8 is an international, Seattle-based investor community whose mission is to accelerate the transition to a prosperous and cleaner world by investing in and fostering emerging cleantech enterprises. . “Green Canopy and their fund offerings have been a staple investment for many of our members since 2010, with Birch Fund being the most recent example. Thank you to the Green Canopy team for delivering on expectations and maintaining regular communication and transparency,” says Mike Rea, Executive Director of E8. . Green Canopy’s fourth fund, Cedar Fund, was deliberately structured as a resilient real estate fund capable of generating income regardless of the cycle. To date, the Cedar Fund has raised over $7M in investor capital from 30 impact investors from around the country. “As society continues waking up to realize the uncertain state of the world, more and more investors are also coming to the realization that in order to create a better world, they must invest in creating that better world. Impact investing provides a clear pathway to do so, ensuring not simply a focus on financial returns but also ensuring positive social and environmental outcomes,” says Susan Fairchild, Director of Investor Relations & Impact. . . . . View the Birch Fund Report . . . . FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT:. Susan Fairchild . susan@greencanopy.com ﻿. . . . . . . . . Impact Investing Admin GreenCanopy November 2, 2020 Birch Fund , Impact Investing , impact investments , Fund Manager , Batch 5 . . . Affordable Net Zero Ready Homes Available in the Heart of Seattle By Aaron Fairchild . In the heart of Ballard, arguably one of the region’s most opportunity rich communities, seven newly constructed, affordable homes will soon be available to rent for families earning 60% and 80% of the area median income. In partnership with many others, Green Canopy will complete these Net Zero Ready, all-electric, healthy, Built Green certified and affordable homes this summer. . At the front end of the COVID-19 pandemic the crossed the equinox and entered into spring and I wrote, . “ As the earth crosses the threshold of equinox into spring, humanity finds itself awakening to the reality that society too is crossing a threshold .”. Shortly thereafter, in the fullness of springtime in bloom, much of America, and many parts around the world, experienced a secondary awakening, crossing yet another threshold. Mr. Floyd’s brutal passing was the moment the world recognizes as a threshold’s leading edge into new societal territory. The future our hearts know is possible, feels possible. The better version of our society and interactions feels possible. I am grateful for those in the streets protesting in favor of ushering in that better version of ourselves. They march for change and transformation, for justice, for equity, for the young, the old, for Black lives, for the left behind, marginalized and excluded; they march for humanity’s better version to bloom.. The work needed to realize this time’s greater purpose takes courage. . Indeed, we are all linked by our common humanity and feel that we must do something. In 2017 Green Canopy officially changed its mission to, We build homes, relationships, and businesses that help regenerate communities and environments. The journey since then has been filled with learning how to navigate rapidly changing markets, learning what regenerating communities requires, and learning how to cost effectively build the best-in-class housing that regenerative communities deserve. It has also been filled with attentive listening into new relationships and deepening existing ones. Through it all I have come to understand that for Green Canopy to realize its full potential, those relationships are the most critical component to our regenerative approach. . In this moment, can we let go of fear, listen and collectively focus on what action is needed to create more equitable, healthier, and resilient communities and relationships? . Taking the difficult yet necessary steps to explore the white supremist American culture begins with the listening and vulnerability required to let empathy flow in. From there a personal journey can begin. One that is full of exploration and learning the history that undergirds the present, and how we contribute to injustice and inequity. With lessons learned and relationships built throughout Green Canopy’s history, our team continues to learn and improve its ability to respond with compassion. May we prove ourselves worthy of this work, and may you hold Green Canopy accountable to the work our future requires. Below is but one example of this work.. Can we consider new and more equitable ways to provide for society’s basic needs such as, health, food, housing, education, security, and employment? . In the heart of Ballard, arguably one of the region’s most opportunity rich communities, seven newly constructed, affordable homes will soon be available to rent for families earning 60% and 80% of the area median income. In partnership with many others, Green Canopy will complete these Net Zero Ready, all-electric, healthy, Built Green certified and affordable homes this summer. . These homes were designed far beyond what the basic code requires to accommodate families; five of the units have three bedrooms, and two units have two bedrooms with garages. We are humbled to work with so many aligned partners on this project. The relationships required to produce deep green and affordable homes, utilizing a reverse displacement strategy into an existing community of opportunity, are many and worthy of note. Without the contribution of all of these people and organizations, this project would not have been possible. . With deep gratitude for the work require for change, we would like to thank: . The Washington State Housing Finance Commission . This group of people deserves special recognition for seeing the vision and quickly organizing to ensure that these deep green units in the heart of Ballard can be offered to families at the 60% and 80% AMI levels. Thank you…you all are amazing!. . Russ Katz with Windermere Real Estate who initiated this project at the beginning – 7 new Net Zero Energy Ready homes were built in our community because of the opportunity you helped bring together. . . Julian Weber and the talented team at JWA , we appreciate the way you demonstrate your values through the innovation of your designs and your own Net Zero Energy office building! . . Malsam-Tsang Structural Engineering for your long-term partnership and consistent, thoughtful approach to structural design. . . The investors in Green Canopy’s Cedar Fund for championing a project at the intersection of your values.. . Urban Black and Kateesha Atterberry for your friendship, guidance and desire to collaborate on making these best-in-class homes available to families in need.. . . . . . . . . . . . Green Building , Social Equity , Responsibility , Affordability , Net Zero Energy , Impact Investing , Real Estate Market Admin GreenCanopy July 1, 2020 Batch 5 , Affordability , Affordable Housing Seattle . . . Green Canopy Raises $5 Million to Unlock Further Development Potential For Immediate Release . SEATTLE, WA & PORTLAND, OR (August 20, 2019) – Green Canopy Inc., announced today it has completed the initial closing of its Series D preferred equity raise. The company raised $5.13 million from 35 impact investors across the nation. Green Canopy is a mission-driven market leader in deep green, urban infill residential design, development, construction and fund management. The completion of Green Canopy’s Series D growth capital will scale the Company’s impact by unlocking $120 million in development capacity, and by leveraging the highly efficient Green Canopy Development and Design Platform to build residential and low to mid-rise apartments for aligned investors, developers and community partners.. “We are humbled and proud to be in community with over 70 investors who all share in the desire to see Green Canopy realize the financial and impact opportunity it was built to accomplish,” says Aaron Fairchild, CEO.. Green Canopy has successfully developed a specialized, integrated and scalable platform to develop, design, build, and bring to market deep green residential properties that help regenerate communities and environments in the urban infill neighborhoods of Seattle and Portland. . Peter Orser, Green Canopy Board Chair & former homebuilding executive, says, “We see a future that can deliver on a triple bottom line. With this team, mission and platform we believe the completion of the Series D preferred offering will enable Green Canopy to dream bigger and achieve heights the typical real estate company doesn’t even consider, much less include in their core values.” . . DISCLAIMER : This is not an offering or solicitation of investment.. . About Green Canopy . Green Canopy, Inc. and wholly owned subsidiaries Green Canopy Homes, LLC and Green Canopy Capital, LLC have offices and teams in Seattle and Portland. Green Canopy Homes began building in 2009 and has successfully sold over 165 third-party certified, deep green and net-zero energy homes earning over $125 million in gross revenues. . . Green Canopy has successfully developed a best in class, specialized business model for urban infill development at scale. Development projects are built on small, medium and large, non-contiguous lots in walkable urban neighborhoods of opportunity. The Company has a vertically integrated process and established systems for acquisition, feasibility, design, estimating, construction project management, sales, owner services and fund management. Since inception the Green Canopy Team has focused on creating an authentic, disruptive and widely recognized brand.. . The Company’s mission is to build homes, relationships and businesses that help regenerate communities and environments . By committing to the deep work of its mission , Green Canopy believes a future is possible where net zero energy homes are the norm, these good homes are affordable, wildlands are preserved, communities are resilient and vibrant because they are inclusive, and people who want to invest in that future earn profits. . . For more information contact: . Susan Fairchild, Director, Investor Relations & Impact. 206.792.7280. susan@greencanopy.com . . . . . Download PDF . . . . . . . Press Releases , Impact Investing Admin GreenCanopy August 20, 2019 Batch 4 , impact investments . . . Green Canopy featured in Synergos' Business as Bridging Leaders Guide View fullsize . . . . . Green Canopy is humbled to be featured in a newly published Partnership Guide developed by Synergos . Synergos is a global organization helping to solve complex issues around the world by advancing partnerships between government, business, and local communities. The Businesses as Bridging Leaders guide features case studies from companies including Green Canopy, Unilever, Danone USA, Cargill, Kering and JP Morgan Chase, on how to effectively collaborate with cross-sector partners for positive social impact. . We are thankful for our partnership with the Washington State Housing Finance Commission (WSHFC) as it has allowed us to bring 17% of our homes to market at more affordable and accessible prices compared to standard market rate homes. . By working in collaboration with our many stakeholders and partners we can continue to bring sustainable and healthy homes to market, and at the same time work towards greater market transformation. Our success depends on the commitment and mobilization of many, but especially our impact investors, our real estate agents, our building subcontractors, and our home buyers. Thank you!. We hope this guide serves as a tool for corporations to build stronger partnerships in order to meet the UN's Sustainable Development goals and raise the bar for cultivating trusted relationships.. . . . View Guide . . . . . . . Press and Media , Impact Investing , Responsibility Admin GreenCanopy June 11, 2019 . . . Real Leaders Top 100 Green Canopy is honored to be selected to the inaugural Real Leaders 100 Top Impact Companies ! The Real Leaders 100 Top Impact Companies, in collaboration with Big Path Capital and B Lab, is the first ranking of positive impact companies. . “We were very impressed with the quality of applicants who were subjected to a rigorous review process for this first-ever 100 Top Impact Companies awards” said Mark Van Ness, Founder, Real Leaders. . The 100 winners will be celebrated at a formal event on April 4th and 5th at the Momentum (MO) Summit in Asheville, North Carolina. . The MO Summit is an invitation-only event convening with C-suite leaders who are scaling high-growth, positive-impact companies by using the power of creativity for business.. “The Real Leaders 100 list is the first ranking of positive impact companies in North America and leverages the engine of capitalism for great profit and great good,” said Michael Whelchel, Managing Partner, Big Path Capital. “Because of high demand, we are expanding the list globally in 2020,” added Whelchel.. . The ranking is based on the formula for force – that is mass times acceleration:. Three-year growth rate (acceleration) x Revenue (mass) x B Impact assessment score = A Company’s Force for Good score.. About Real Leaders : . Real Leaders magazine has been in circulation since 2010 and is the world’s first sustainable business & leadership publication. It aims to inspire better leaders for a better world.. About Big Path Capital : . Big Path Capital has been called “Impact Investing’s investment bank” and works with the top sustainable and impact companies and funds.. About B Lab : . B Lab is a nonprofit that serves a global movement of People Using Business as a Force for Good. Its vision is that one day all companies compete not only to be the best in the world, but the Best for the World® and as a result society will enjoy a more shared and durable prosperity.. See how our organization ranked among 99 other companies that are a Force For Good below.. . . . 2019 Rankings . . . . . . . Press and Media , Awards , Impact Investing Admin GreenCanopy January 25, 2019 Batch 4 . . . 3 Ways to Make Investment Decisions Without Compromising Values . . . . . By Aaron Fairchild. . I recently spent a couple of days at SOCAP18. After the conference, I had the opportunity to screen a soon-to-be-released Australian documentary called, 2040 . 2040 is a beautiful “future-fit”, utopian depiction of a potential future made possible by incorporating carbon drawdown methods and technologies. . . The week before the screening a new environmental philosopher friend shared a concept she has written about extensively — the Precautionary Principle . She explained this by saying, “One can’t use uncertainty as a justification for inaction. One must use precaution to mitigate harmful outcomes even in the face of uncertainty. ”. . Appling this to positive impact investors could translate to: “Investors and their financial fiduciaries can’t use financial uncertainty as a justification for inaction. Given the urgency of our social and environmental challenges, investors must use precaution to mitigate harmful financial outcomes — And still identify ways to invest in positive social and environmental opportunities even in the face of financial uncertainty.” . . Unfortunately, in the face of our pressing social and environmental problems, the Precautionary Principle is often used as a reason not to invest in opportunities that generate positive impact outcomes. Even given our good intentions, the traditional structures of finance don’t legally allow moral social and environmental convictions to negatively influence financial outcomes. If the financial outcome is uncertain, but the social and environmental outcomes are clear and measurable — the existing legal frameworks and institutional structures justify inaction in the face of uncertainty.. . As my mental turntable plays the paradoxical precautionary blues, I see images of the amazing people in the theater moving to a rhythm of positive change, but are we a little off the beat? . . How many times have you heard, “In order to attract more capital, the social and environmental enterprise must prove its ability to create market-rate returns. We need proven strategies .”? This thinking may lead to a slip-and-slide of marginalized outcomes in the pursuit of “market-rate” returns. Furthermore, the Precautionary Principle can create a disincentive to invest in positive social and environmental outcomes in uncertain market cycles or in investments labeled “concessionary.” In uncertain markets or uncertain categories, investors may justify putting the pursuit of positive outcomes on the shelf in favor of “proven” and more certain downside protection investment strategies.. . According to Paul Hawken in the film 2040, 80% of the world’s agriculture is grown by small farm holders. However, in 2018 small farm holder investments are flat to down. Unfortunately, this is not an anomaly. Small to medium enterprise investments are flat to down, and renewable energy investments globally are flat to down as well. I recently learned of these alarming statistics on the Impact Alpha podcast, Getting to Yes . The decline observed in this podcast may be a result of investor’s growing uncertainty in the financial markets. Are we employing the Precautionary Principle? This may forecast a potential disturbing trend for urgently-needed investments in social and environmental solutions as the US economy advances into a market cycle already long in the tooth.. . Understanding how we may be employing the Precautionary Principle helps clarify that even as we face urgent need to invest in social and environmental solutions, our desire for positive social and environmental outcomes often are left waiting on the side in the face of financial uncertainty. It is a difficult paradoxical dance to pull off. If true, I have three recommendations:. . Engage and collaborate with the impact entrepreneurs. When the social and environmental outcomes are clear, measurable and convincing, but the financial outcomes are uncertain — engage! Offer to work directly with the social entrepreneur or fund manager to help craft precautionary strategies within the investment opportunity that mitigate potentially harmful financial outcomes. Assess the investment opportunity thoroughly, do your due diligence and collaborate to mitigate harmful financial performance while maintaining the positive social and environmental outcomes. . . Change the legal framework of professional financial organizations to align to the Benefit Corporation structure. Benefit Corporations structurally embed expanded fiduciary obligations to include social and environmental considerations.. . Work with a separate advisory committee or due diligence team. As an individual investor that is not constrained by the fiduciary obligations of professional wealth management, consider working with a separate advisory committee or due diligence team or conduct personal due diligence on impact investments.. . . After the 2040 film screening, I left the theater in a crowd full of optimism and inspiration. Even with the Precautionary Principle burrowed deep within the financial structures and investment psyche of America, I am optimistic that by becoming more aware of how and why we make decisions— and the structures within which we make them— we will continue to learn how to better align capital to the future we envision. . . . . . . . . Social Equity , Impact Investing , Environment Admin GreenCanopy November 1, 2018 Impact Investing , impact investments , investment decsisions , Socially Responsible Investing , responsible investing , SRI , Angel Investing , Batch 4 . . . Green Canopy Reaches First Close on Cedar Fund . . . . . For Immediate Release . SEATTLE, WASHINGTON & PORTLAND, OREGON (October 4, 2018) – Green Canopy Inc., a deep green urban residential developer, general contractor and fund manager, today announced the first closing of Cedar Fund providing $12 million in development capacity. Cedar Fund is the Company’s fourth single-family real estate fund designed to build resilient net zero ready micro-communities in Seattle, WA and Portland, OR. With the first close complete, Cedar Fund intends to acquire three initial properties currently in pre-development, and construct 25 homes.. . As a mission-driven Certified B Corp , Green Canopy is compelled to create market-driven solutions to the challenges facing the high-growth cities of Seattle and Portland, including resource scarcity and global warming, urban sprawl, and limited access to neighborhoods of opportunity. In response, Cedar Fund will acquire, develop, manage and market third-party certified green built, net zero ready residential homes over the course of a 5-year fund cycle.. . Cedar Fund will focus on efficient land use through infill development, multiplying the number of homes in established, walkable neighborhoods. With an emphasis on access to essential services including schools, grocery stores and transportation. By building more resource efficient homes on less land, Cedar Fund will help preserve the Pacific Northwest identity which is interwoven with farms, forests, wild lands, and salmon streams.. . “I am excited and inspired by the commitment of our initial 18 Cedar Fund Limited Partners who have expressed deep faith in our mission and potential to transform the real estate market towards more regenerative and inclusive communities and environments,” says Aaron Fairchild, CEO. . . About Green Canopy . Green Canopy, Inc. and wholly owned subsidiaries Green Canopy Homes, LLC and Green Canopy Capital, LLC have offices and teams in Seattle and Portland. Green Canopy Homes began building in 2009 and has successfully sold over 140 third-party certified, green homes earning over $100 million in gross revenues.. . Green Canopy has successfully developed a disruptive and specialized business model for urban infill homebuilding at scale. Development projects are built on small, medium and large, non-contiguous lots in walkable urban neighborhoods. The Company has an integrated process and established systems for feasibility, design, estimating, construction project management, sales, owner services and fund management. Since inception the Green Canopy Team has focused on creating an authentic, disruptive and widely recognized brand. . . The Company’s mission is to build homes, relationships and businesses that help regenerate communities and environments . By committing to the deep work of its mission , Green Canopy believes a future is possible where net zero energy homes are the norm, these good homes are affordable, wildlands are preserved, communities are resilient and vibrant because they are inclusive, and people who want to invest in that future earn profits. . . For more information contact: . Susan Fairchild, Director, Investor Relations & Impact. 206.792.7280. susan@greencanopy.com . . . . . . . . Impact Investing , Press Releases Admin GreenCanopy October 4, 2018 Batch 4 . . . Now is the Time to Live into the World We Envision By Kyle Mylius | Director of Investor Relations and Strategy | Green Canopy. Part one of this two-part series highlighted the residential real estate market opportunity in Seattle and Portland. . . Why is now the time to use business as a force for good? The region’s economic growth and prosperity have fueled urgent social and environmental challenges. If we fail to mitigate these unintended consequences, the costs to do so in the future might very well swamp the near-term benefits and wealth our robust local economy generates today. Instead, we can respond now to the observed market signals and feedback loops by investing some of the capital generated into thoughtful, holistic and practical solutions to those social and environmental issues.. . At Green Canopy, we embrace the Chinese dictum, “The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second-best time is now.” As a for-profit company backed by shareholders, we seek to make money and create long-term company value through various verticals in real estate. But we are also driven to create real estate projects and financing models that allow us to live into the world we envision as manifested within our Theory of Change . This compels us to use a portion of the company’s resources to create vitally important social and environmental value for our shareholders, homeowners and neighbors who collectively make up the fabric of the communities in which we live, work and play.. . We do this by running toward these challenges and recognizing them as opportunities. For example, we help mitigate global warming by building net zero energy homes . In so doing, we create value in new homes — value that home buyers, renters, banks and appraisers will increasingly recognize. In time, more and more home builders and will want to capture that value and build to a net zero energy standard, making meaningful progress toward slowing our local impact on global climate change.. . Beyond this very practical business imperative, lies an awareness within Green Canopy that our built environment has tremendous impact on the natural environment. We recognize that we have a responsibility as a real estate developer to change the ways homes are built and perform. Therefore, we endeavor to design homes to have increasingly less impact on the Earth compared to typical “code built” homes. And aspire to ultimately design and build homes as carbon sinks and regenerative structures that help reverse global warming.. . We need to find ways to alter humanity’s relationship with the environment, and have the courage to execute those new ideas. I’ve come to believe that each person should shoulder some of the responsibility for not only adhering to environmental best practices but for creating new, practical models for protecting our world. We owe the world our physical labour and our earnest brain power. . -Dan O’Brien, Food for Thought: How a buffalo herd taught me to be a responsible capitalist, Beside magazine Vol 2 . . We cannot succeed in our goals if we serve only the wealthy. Net zero energy homes should be accessible to all homeowners and renters, including the 35 million Americans who spend an inordinate amount of their income on energy bills. Accordingly, Green Canopy is expanding inclusivity in the urban neighborhoods we serve. We are doing this by creating investment structures that attract like-minded investors, enabling us to scale our work and build more affordable homes within desirable urban neighborhoods.. . . . . . . . . We are often asked, “Why?” Or even, “We get that environmental sustainability, and features like net zero energy can also be financially profitable. But can’t you just let non-profits and public agencies tackle housing affordability?” Our answer is a resounding, “No.” As systems thinking has taught us, social and environmental problem sets are inextricably linked. Solving for one without considering the other would be an inefficient and potentially even counterproductive use of capital.. . Traditional urban residential development approaches and financing tools perpetuate multi-generational and systemic exclusion and inequality. The magnitude of the challenge demands a multi-pronged solution, as expanded on in the Seattle Times and and the New York Times . We are driven by more than a sense of moral obligation, more than an opportunity to both make money and do good. We do this work because we and our stakeholders enjoy power and privilege that — absent of taking a different approach — will only perpetuate and expand social injustice and environmental degradation in the place we all call home.. . As long as we participate in social systems, we don’t get to choose whether to be involved in the consequences they produce. As such, we can only choose how to be involved, whether to just be part of the problem, or also to be part of the solution. That’s where our power lies, and also our responsibility. . -Allan G. Johnson, Privilege, Power and Difference . . Another question we get is, “So what is the cost for doing this work?” We have calculated the costs and it’s not as much as most assume, whether measured in profit margin to the developer or financial returns to investors. And what is often underappreciated, in part because it is harder to measure and quantify, are the benefits of reduced risks to the developer’s brand, the costs of obtaining permits and entitlements, and the ability to sell homes and differentiate value in a competitive market, to name just a few. Similarly, investors who back our work are taking a long-term perspective in seeking sustainable value creation and financial returns that do not extract value at the expense of others and the environment.. . The stakeholders of Green Canopy work in earnest to use our time, talent and capital to harness the economic growth and prosperity of our region for the benefit of all. We acknowledge now is the time to engage and use business as a force for good, with more inclusive and less extractive approaches and business models than before — recognizing our power and privilege must be used responsibly and ethically. The time to plant the proverbial tree is now. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Theory of Change , Impact Investing Admin GreenCanopy April 19, 2018 Business , Corporate Social Responsibility , CSR , Impact Investing , Lift Economy , Batch 4 . . . Rockefeller Foundation Publishes Case Study on Green Canopy and the Company's Theory of Change . . . . . By Susan Fairchild | Director, Investor Relations and Impact | Green Canopy Homes. The Rockefeller Foundation strives to “promote the well-being of humanity throughout the world” by scaling transformative innovations, creating unlikely partnerships spanning sectors, and taking risks others cannot. To catalyze cross-sector pollinization from the social sector to impact investing, the Rockefeller Foundation recently released a case study on Green Canopy’s theory of change - “Putting Impact at the Center of Impact Investing: A Case Study of how Green Canopy Designed its Impact Thesis.” . . "The case study provides an illuminating example of how investors can adapt theory of change to serve their impact management needs. By demonstrating the relevance and transferability of this tool for articulating, measuring, and managing impact, the hope is that this case study can contribute to strengthening other investors’ approaches, in turn contributing to building the evidence base for the “impact” of impact investments.". . We encourage impact investors and impact enterprises to similarly consider integrating this tool into their organizations. You can read more about Green Canopy’s theory of change and send any questions to susan@greencanopy.com .. . . . View The Case Study . . . . . . . Impact Investing , Impact Metrics , Press and Media , Features Admin GreenCanopy April 10, 2018 Rockefeller Foundation , Case Study , Press and Media , B Corporation , B Corp , Impact Investing , Theory of Change , Rockefeller , Batch 4 . . . Older . . . © 2026 Green Canopy NODE. . Mailing Address: 620 S Orcas St #80425, Seattle, WA 98108. Washington CL#GREENCN776OG . Oregon CCB #204274. . . . . . Sign up for the latest news . . . Contact Us . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .