https://starkbank.com/trust

Is Stark Bank Reliable? Regulation, Rating, Security . About us . Products Business Account. Receive and send money with transparency on your cashflow.. Card Payments. Receive your online sales via card payments.. Bank Domicile. Centralize your card-machine receivables and gain predictability over your cashflow.. Pix Subscription. Automate recurring charges effortlessly.. Corporate Card. Credit limit, spending control and management report.. Invoices & Receivables. Management and receivables of invoices in real time.. Bill Payment. Payroll, suppliers, taxes, utilities and refunds.. Credit Limit. Your company with limits 10-20 times higher. Credit compatible with size and the speed of your business.. Digital Fixed Income. Digital fixed income investment (Government Bonds).. Crypto. Trade digital assets with security, clarity, and some of the lowest fees in the market.. . . Developers Get Started. Step by step about how to integrate with Stark Bank. API Reference. Our complete API documentation. API Status. Status and information on API incidents. Sandbox. Create and test your integration with Stark Bank. . . Contents Blog Cases E-books Savings Calculator . . Pricing . Sign In . Sign Up . . Sign In Sign Up . . . . . . . Analysis. Is Stark Bank reliable?. . To analyze if a digital bank is reliable, we need to evaluate some points, which we will discuss in this article to understand whether Stark Bank is reliable or not.. 1. Is Stark Bank regulated by the Central Bank of Brazil (Bacen)?. Yes. Since October 2020, Stark Bank is a financial institution regulated by Bacen.. 2. Is Stark Bank audited by reputable companies?. Yes. Stark Bank is audited by Deloitte and PwC, two of the world's four largest audit firms.. 3. Does Stark Bank have ratings from credit rating agencies?. Yes. Stark Bank has an A-(BRA) rating with Fitch Ratings, one of the top 3 credit rating agencies globally.. 4. Does Stark Bank have security certificates?. Yes. Stark Bank has ISO 27001 and PCI DSS 4.0 certifications, two of the most important security certifications globally.. 5. Does Stark Bank have significant share capital?. Yes. Stark Bank has raised over $61 million USD (approximately R$ 300 million Brazilian reais) since 2018.. 6. Does Stark Bank make a profit?. Yes. Since 2021, Stark Bank has been profitable, generating over R$ 100 million Brazilian reais in net profit in the last two years (2022 and 2023).. 7. Are Stark Bank's investors reliable?. Yes. Stark Bank has reputable investors such as Ribbit Capital, one of the leading investment funds in fintechs worldwide. Additionally, Stark Bank is the first company in Brazil to receive investments from Bezos Expeditions, Jeff Bezos's personal fund, the founder of Amazon.. 8. Who is the CEO of Stark Bank?. Rafael Stark is the CEO and founder of Stark Bank. He is an engineer graduated from ITA and a natural entrepreneur who, in 2018, decided to revolutionize the financial market and created Stark Bank from scratch, a bank that in less than 5 years has become a national reference in technology, being one of the most modern and advanced banks in Brazil.. Analysis Result. Thus, analyzing all these questions, we understand that Stark Bank is reliable, as it is regulated by Bacen, with ample cash and liquidity, being a company with exponential growth, with an excellent A-(BRA) risk rating, having its numbers audited by two globally renowned companies, and possessing excellent investors and security certifications.. . Because growth requires movement. Push Forward. Talk to a specialist . . Subscribe to our monthly newsletter. Stay updated with the latest news and everything happening at Stark Bank. Name Work email . . . . . Subscribe . . . . . Products. Business Account Card Payments Bank Domicile Pix Subscription Corporate Card Invoices & Receivables Bill Payment Credit Limit Digital Fixed Income Crypto . Developers. Get Started API Reference API Status Sandbox Open Source . Resources. Pricing Blog Cases E-books Savings Calculator About us Terms of Use Privacy Investor Relations Careers Help . . STARK BANK S.A.. 20.018.183/0001-80. Rua Pamplona, 145, Bela Vista - São Paulo/SP - Brasil. hello@starkbank.com. . © 2026 STARK BANK. 🇺🇸 English (USA) 🇧🇷 Português (Brasil) 🇨🇳 简体中文 . English (USA). . . . . . .