https://jcode.sh

jcode - open-source AI coding agent for the terminal jcode. An open source terminal coding agent, written in Rust.. curl -fsSL https://jcode.sh/install | bash copy . macOS Linux Windows beta . All builds · Docs · Pricing · Enterprise · GitHub . . Inline image rendering from image reads Deep swarm investigation Inline LaTeX rendering Info widgets Swarm file conflict notification Completed todos LaTeX image rendering Running batch tools Structured edit blocks Links that work in the TUI Thinking Idle animation A new session Native image generation . . . GitHub stargazer history Show commit history Hide commit history GitHub commit history Backed by Combinator . . . Mission. Jcode is built on three bets.. Parallelism is the biggest lever on coding productivity. You should never wait while coding. Every moment an agent is working is a moment you could be handing out the next task: spin up another session instead of watching this one finish, and your throughput becomes as many tasks as you can give out. Jcode makes it possible to run dozens of agents in parallel, and a dozen agents is a dozen times the output of one.. The harness matters as much as the model. The same model produces very different results depending on what surrounds it: the tools it can reach, the context it sees, the memory it keeps, and the feedback loops that catch its mistakes. Model progress arrives on its own schedule. Harness progress is ours to make, and it compounds with every model release.. Dev tools must be open source. A coding agent reads your code, edits your files, and runs commands on your machine. A tool with that much reach has to be inspectable, and it has to be modifiable: the best dev tools have always been the ones their users could open up and change, and your agent's source should be yours to customize. Jcode is MIT licensed, and everything we measure and learn is published.. . read more read less . . . Resource efficiency. The bottleneck to massive parallelism is resource efficiency. Spawn dozens of agents and RAM consumption balloons, unfeasible on most consumer machines: when each agent takes hundreds of megabytes, you run a handful and queue your work behind them. Jcode fixed that. We optimize to the bone so spawning another agent is a non-decision and running dozens of sessions is actually possible, with none of it traded for speed. Every number below is sampled from real launches of real agents on the same machine.. . Memory per additional session. Extra proportional memory (PSS) each additional client adds once one is already running. Ten jcode sessions cost about 100 MB, less than half of one Claude Code.. Tool Extra PSS Graph Comparison . jcode ~10.4 MB ~10.4 MB baseline . Claude Code ~212.7 MB ~212.7 MB 20.5× more RAM . Show the full comparison Hide the full comparison Memory per additional session, all tools. Tool Extra PSS Graph Comparison . jcode (local embedding off) ~9.9 MB ~9.9 MB baseline . jcode ~10.4 MB ~10.4 MB 1.1× more RAM . Codex CLI ~21.6 MB ~21.6 MB 2.2× more RAM . pi ~76.5 MB ~76.5 MB 7.7× more RAM . Antigravity CLI ~86.4 MB ~86.4 MB 8.7× more RAM . Cursor Agent ~157.5 MB ~157.5 MB 15.9× more RAM . GitHub Copilot CLI ~158.1 MB ~158.1 MB 16.0× more RAM . Claude Code ~212.7 MB ~212.7 MB 21.5× more RAM . OpenCode ~318.4 MB ~318.4 MB 32.2× more RAM . Time to first input. How long until you can actually type: time until typed probe text appears on the rendered screen, 10 interactive PTY launches each. Antigravity uses its internal input-ready log marker because its sign-in screen suppresses probe echo.. Tool Time Graph Comparison . jcode 48.7 ms 48.7 ms baseline . Antigravity CLI 383.7 ms 383.7 ms 7.9× slower . pi 596.4 ms 596.4 ms 12.2× slower . Codex CLI 905.8 ms 905.8 ms 18.6× slower . OpenCode 1047.9 ms 1047.9 ms 21.5× slower . GitHub Copilot CLI 1583.4 ms 1583.4 ms 32.5× slower . Cursor Agent 1978.7 ms 1978.7 ms 40.6× slower . Claude Code 3512.8 ms 3512.8 ms 72.2× slower . Time to first frame. How long until anything renders, same 10 interactive PTY launches.. Tool Time Graph Comparison . jcode 14.0 ms 14.0 ms baseline . Antigravity CLI 383.5 ms 383.5 ms 27.4× slower . pi 590.7 ms 590.7 ms 42.2× slower . Codex CLI 882.8 ms 882.8 ms 63.1× slower . OpenCode 1035.9 ms 1035.9 ms 74.0× slower . GitHub Copilot CLI 1518.6 ms 1518.6 ms 108.5× slower . Cursor Agent 1949.7 ms 1949.7 ms 139.3× slower . Claude Code 3436.9 ms 3436.9 ms 245.5× slower . Watch the performance demo jcode performance demonstration Watch the swarm session 20 agents in parallel . . . Intelligence. optimization task. float-print score over time, jcode vs Claude Code, Opus 4.8 high thinking Running the standard evals against these harnesses showed us how poorly they represent what agents can actually do. Existing benchmarks face a forced choice. Public benchmarks leak their solutions into training corpora, so scores measure memorization and misrepresent capability. Private benchmarks resist that, but they demand trust in a hidden test set, offer less transparency, and are hard to get access to. Beyond that choice, they share two structural flaws. They impose timeouts, so an agent is penalized for allocating more time to a problem, exactly the long-horizon behavior we want agents to develop. And they score on a coarse, discrete boundary: the gap between two very different models can show up as a single task completion. A model that solves 70% of a bench may sit next to a remaining 30% that demands a far higher capability level, and that entire delta is invisible between the discrete tasks. So we designed a new class of benchmarks with a spec:. uncontaminatable by construction: there is no answer to memorize, so everything can be public. hard to saturate by construction: scored on optimization depth, so the ceiling stays open past the frontier. deterministic by construction: same submission, same score, always. quantifiable by construction: the metric falls out of the task definition, no rubric, no judge. continuous by construction: an analog score axis instead of pass/fail, so capability differences show up as score differences at every level, and time is recorded rather than capped. cheat-resistant by construction: we provide a good reference implementation as the starting point, so web searching for ready-made solutions is only cheating at lower capability levels. At the frontier, there are no implementations left to copy that aren't useful recombinations. This design is immediately trustable because everything is public. Training on a previous model's transcript may even help a little, but it doesn't score better unless the model has genuinely generalized from it: replaying a transcript only matches the old score, and beating it requires optimizing past what was memorized, which is the capability the benchmark measures in the first place.. jcode bench v1 provides three tasks that follow this spec: float-print, json-unescape, and utf16-transcode. We chose these tasks because they grade in seconds and are pure coding on real world functions that are useful and genuinely benefit from optimization: a tight loop the agent can climb, on work that actually ships in libraries. The tasks are also chosen so the implementation cannot be overfit to the test suite: correctness is verified over the entire input space, not a sample. Compare measuring grep's speed by timing it on the Linux repo, where an implementation can be overfit to the Linux repo specifically. Above, we plot the score of the agent over time, from a single user prompt. Note that time is 1:1 correlated with cost and token utilization, because tool call time is negligible in these tasks. Both runs used Opus 4.8 with high thinking, identical prompts, launched concurrently, each stopping on its own judgment. On float-print both passed the full 2³² correctness gate; jcode finished at +8.64 (398x speedup) versus Claude Code's +7.17 (144x).. . read more read less . The uncontaminatable benchmark design · jcode bench . harness-agnostic frontier model results · full results and agent transcripts . . Confidence stepping. . per-trial confidence, assignment to completion, and pass rates before and after confidence stepping, Terminal-Bench 2.1, Opus 4.8 Jcode's todo tool asks the agent to rate its confidence in each task item, both when the item is assigned and when it's marked done. Tracing those scores across our Terminal-Bench runs showed a clear pattern: confidence is always high after, but sometimes low before, and failures rarely come from tasks the agent was confident about at assignment. The low scores at assignment are real signal, and the jump to 100 at the end is not. So when we see a large spike in confidence, we force the agent to go back and check its work instead of accepting the claim. Ideally, confidence rises incrementally as validation happens during implementation, with each passing test earning a step up. Above, both harnesses on Terminal-Bench 2.1: each line is one trial, from confidence at assignment to confidence at completion. The extra checking pays: trials that finish in time pass more often (92% vs 88%), and even trials cut off by the benchmark's 15 minute limit are more likely to already contain correct work (47% vs 42%).. . read more read less . the full confidence study · every trial transcript . . Hill-climbable goals. How hill-climbable did the model think the work was?. . n = 2,012 goal-score submissions . . reframe below 90 . 5 55 . 1 60 . 5 70 . 17 75 . 3 78 . 11 80 . 3 82 . 290 85 . 28 88 . 754 90 . 85 92 . 1 94 . 675 95 . 6 96 . 2 97 . 17 98 . 109 100 . . hill_climbability score →. . 91.29 mean . 90 median . 18.0% below the gate . 55–100 observed range . . Hill-climbability scores submitted through Jcode's todo tool across all persisted transcripts through July 12, 2026: 2,012 ratings from 1,973 todo calls across 815 sessions. Repeated updates to the same goal are counted separately. Scores not displayed received no submissions. Agents are at their most capable when they have a metric to hill-climb. This is likely because reinforcement learning trains models to optimize against reward signals, so measurable feedback helps agents keep improving over longer time horizons, and those additional productive iterations lead to better results. Most users never take full advantage of this. Jcode does this for the user when applicable. Every agent goal receives a hill-climbability rating from 0 to 100, based on how quantifiable and iterable its progress really is. A high score is not credible without a stated objective to climb toward. When a goal scores low, the harness pushes back: reframe the goal into a verifiable objective and build the harness that measures it. Without this, an open-ended task leaves the agent with nothing to iterate against, no signal it can use to make its next attempt better than its last.. . read more read less . See the hill-climbability implementation · Download the aggregate data . . Auto-poke. The longest Jcode Bench v1 run, with its harness continuation plotted on the score curve: float-print, 637.5 active minutes, Jcode with Opus 4.8 high. Persistence is the other half of intelligence: most agent failures are not wrong answers but early exits. Models love to declare victory. Jcode checks the todo list first. When a turn ends with incomplete todos, the harness pokes the model back to work automatically. Pokes are smart about failure too: transient network errors are retried, while non-retryable errors stop the loop instead of burning tokens. The same mechanism drives headless runs, so `jcode run` keeps iterating on a task across turns until the work is actually finished.. . read more read less . See the persistence implementation · Read the full run transcript . . . Optimizations. The same discipline is applied to everything between you and the model: every token, every cache hit, and every background process is engineered so the model spends its capacity on your problem instead of on overhead.. . Append-only context engineering keeps the model's KV cache hot turn after turn.. The single biggest lever on latency and cost is the prompt cache: providers charge a fraction for tokens the model has already seen, and reading them back is far faster than recomputing attention from scratch. Jcode is built so that cache almost never breaks. The prompt prefix is stable and the conversation is strictly append-only, so the longest possible shared prefix survives between turns instead of being silently invalidated. Things that would normally bust the cache are kept out of the prefix: tool schemas come from a fixed on-disk cache, MCP tools are advertised up front so a late connection never rewrites earlier turns, and dynamic context like memory recalls and system reminders are placed where they do the least damage. The result is consistently high cache-hit rates, lower bills, and noticeably snappier turns, especially on long sessions where naive agents pay to re-read the whole history every time.. . read more read less . . MCP tools are ready the moment a session starts, with no prompt-cache miss.. Most agents make you wait: they block startup while every MCP server handshakes, or they connect lazily and then quietly invalidate the model's prompt cache the first time a tool shows up, costing you a full re-read of the conversation. Jcode does neither. On startup it advertises every configured MCP tool instantly from an on-disk schema cache, so the model sees the complete tool list in its very first request and the prompt cache stays warm. The actual server connections happen in the background, connect-on-first-call: if the model reaches for an MCP tool before its server has finished connecting, that single call transparently waits for the handshake, while everything else stays non-blocking. The result is that you can start typing and the agent can start working the instant a session spawns, MCP tools included, with no startup delay and no cache penalty. This works the same across the interactive TUI, the server, and headless `jcode run`.. . read more read less . . Long-running work keeps going while the agent keeps thinking.. Background task progress stays visible while the agent works Ask an agent to watch a build or a test run and it usually writes a polling script: sleep 500, check once, give up. Jcode has background tools instead. Start any command with run_in_background and it becomes a task the agent can list, tail, inspect, cancel, or wait on. The wait action blocks until the task finishes or hits its next progress checkpoint, so the agent wakes on events rather than burning turns on sleep loops. A foreground command that outruns its timeout is never killed: jcode adopts it into the background, and the task survives even a reload of the agent's own binary. Jcode parses task output for progress and renders each task as a live card in the TUI: percent, counts like 6/10 tests, byte ratios, and ETA, read from structured JCODE_PROGRESS lines or inferred from ordinary output. An agent can run a dozen tasks at once and let the server wake it when one needs attention.. . read more read less . . . A good built in memory system.. Watch the memory demo jcode memory demonstration Jcode embeds each turn and response as a semantic vector. Every turn queries a graph of memories to efficiently find related entries via cosine similarity. The embedding hits are fed into the conversation, or optionally a memory sideagent verifies the memories are relevant and does more retrieval work before injecting them. This results in a human-like memory system: the agent automatically recalls information relevant to the conversation without actively calling memory tools or burning tokens.. . read more read less . . . Open source and customizability. Jcode is MIT licensed, open source, and open research. Everything we build and everything we measure is published, benchmark transcripts and failures included. A tool this close to your work should be one you can read, audit, and reshape.. . Self dev mode. Jcode is inventing a new form of customizability. One that doesn't limit you to what a plugin or extension can do. Tell your jcode agent to enter self dev mode, and it will start modifying its own source code. Jcode is optimized to iterate on itself. There is significant infrastructure around self development, which allows it to edit, build, and test its own source code, then reload its own binary and continue work in your (potentially many) sessions, fully automatically.. . read more read less . . System prompt.. This is the normal-session system prompt compiled into Jcode, fetched live from the master branch. It measured 671 tokens with OpenAI's o200k_base tokenizer at revision 8def6862. Your static system prompt may include additional prompts from self-dev mode, AGENTS.md, or CLAUDE.md.. . live from master · 671 tokens at 8def6862. . base source · capability source refresh copy . Fetching the current base prompt from GitHub…. . The prompt gets out of the model's way.. Jcode's base instructions shrank as frontier models improved.. . 73% shorter since v0.1 . . scroll chart → . Base tokens · o200k_base · tagged releases v0.1 was OpenAI-specific; v0.11+ is shared. Normal sessions add 12 Mermaid tokens (671 total). Revision history · method . Core prompt size across open-source coding agents.. Prompt architecture is a choice, not a leaderboard. Some harnesses keep the system role tiny and move procedure into user messages or tool schemas. Others put the operating manual in the core prompt. These are the default, publicly identifiable core instructions from pinned source revisions.. Harness Core tokens Graph Measured scope . Jcode 671 normal core . SWE-agent 15 system role only . Goose 90 no extensions . Continue 138 agent mode . Cline 713 default template . Aider 1,149 edit-block mode . OpenCode 1,766 provider fallback . Claude Code ≈2,300 leaked v2.1.88 default core . Codex CLI 4,365 default base instructions . Roo Code dynamic not charted mode, environment, and section assembly . OpenHands dynamic not charted runtime agent-server composition . Measured July 11, 2026 with o200k_base . Tool schemas, repository instructions, skills, memory, runtime context, and task messages are excluded. Claude Code is reconstructed from its leaked v2.1.88 source and rounds to 2,300 core tokens. A source comment describes broader prompt-cache invalidation as busting roughly 20,000 tokens; that cached prefix is not charted because tool schemas are excluded for every harness. SWE-agent places most procedure in its user template. Aider varies by edit mode. Dynamic rows are included for projects that do not expose one canonical static prompt asset. Reproduce the measurement. . . . Changelog. Release highlights, with commit messages filling the gap until the next release notes are ready. The full history lives on GitHub releases .. Unreleased . 2026-09-21 . Changes since v0.86.0. Automatically listed from commit messages.. docs update weekly stars chart . . v0.86.0 . 2026-09-20 . Smarter task handling and clearer session feedback. Release highlights.. highlight Jev browser handoff now handles whole multi-step tasks, continuing through uncertain pages and returning to the parent only when finished or blocked . highlight Memory recall uses Jev to select relevant project and global memories without loading a local embedding model at startup . highlight Save Anthropic prompt-cache retention preferences with /cache extend and see clearer cache usage, retention estimates, and provider-specific limits . . v0.85.0 . 2026-09-19 . Configurable swarm effort and richer client workflows. Release highlights.. highlight Configure root-model reasoning effort independently for swarm and deep swarm, with the selected effort shown in the effort switcher . highlight Delegate multi-step browser tasks to a bounded Jev browser session that returns control to the parent agent . highlight Create and manage separate panels from Markdown or linked PDFs, with bounded PDF payloads and safe Markdown fallback for older TUI clients . . v0.84.0 . 2026-09-07 . Clearer remote login onboarding. Release highlights.. highlight Connecting to an SSH host now asks a plain yes-or-no question before offering to import a local OpenAI or Claude login . . v0.83.0 . 2026-09-06 . Native SSH sessions and remote login. Release highlights.. highlight Run the local terminal UI against a remote Jcode server over SSH, keeping the workspace, tools, and agent execution on the remote host . highlight Explicitly import a local Jcode-managed OpenAI or Claude login to a trusted SSH host after confirmation, without overwriting an existing remote credential store . highlight Sign in to Novita with its built-in API-key login option . . v0.82.0 . 2026-09-06 . Faster starts and richer session controls. Release highlights.. highlight OpenAI Responses WebSocket connections now warm up while sessions are idle and before request preparation, reducing time to the first response . highlight Click images in the side panel to open an enlarged preview . highlight Rust and TypeScript SDKs can include image attachments in soft interrupts, and interrupts sent to idle sessions now start a response immediately . . v0.81.7 . 2026-09-04 . Release notes pending. Automatically listed from commit messages.. release View the full release on GitHub . . . . ◆ This site is under construction. Content and design may change.. Pricing · Enterprise · Docs · SDK · Bench · Support · Demo Day hoodie · Author · GitHub Solo Systems · Backed by Combinator . curl -fsSL https://jcode.sh/install | bash copy . . .