https://www.blueonion.ai/blogs/making-daily-close-a-reality-announcing-our-series-a

Making Daily Close a Reality: Announcing our Series A - Blue Onion Blue Onion Modules Close For Controllers & Accountants Fabric For CTOs & Tech Leads Edge For CFOs & Business Leaders . . Integrations . Customers . FAQ . Sign in Book a demo . . Modules. Close Fabric Edge Integrations Customers FAQ Sign in Book a demo . ← Resource center Blog. Making Daily Close a Reality: Announcing our Series A. Lyndsey Bunting (CEO & Co-Founder). April 16, 2025 · 2 Minutes. . . . Today is a big day.. Not simply because we get to announce our $10 million Series A–which of course is exciting–but because the future of ecommerce accounting is becoming reality. . Month-end and year-end close have historically been simply a factor of life with accounting and finance teams. Estimated numbers, untrustworthy data, and hopeful forecasts were the best we could hope for. That reality is no more. . Our vision is to deliver AI-driven automated, scalable and accurate daily bookings that leading accounting teams can trust. . This funding allows us to continue on that vision. . Investment to Scale . With this new funding, we set out to disrupt the status quo of how commerce businesses process financial data. This includes investing in: . Product development to expand integrations with more accounting platforms and business systems, enhance in-app customization, and continuously improve the system to support seamless daily bookings. Each innovation is designed to streamline workflow automation while ensuring clean, accurate financial data across an even broader range of financial accounts.. Go-to-market strategy to strengthen brand awareness through strategic channel partnerships, community engagement, and event programming.. Technical accounting experts to support customers at every stage of their journey—ensuring they maximize the product’s value and benefit from the deep technical expertise that sets the Blue Onion product and team apart.. This funding round is led by Viola FinTech . Bringing our total funding to $17.6M and includes participation from existing investors Vinyl, Entree Capital, Green Visor, and Y Combinator.. A Product with a Vision . There is a better way to process financial data. . The Blue Onion platform integrates with your order systems, payment processors, and your bank accounts to fully automate the reconciliation process. . In the legacy ERP world and for most accounting software, ensuring clean financial data was the responsibility of the customer, requiring expensive and faulty data connectors, time-consuming reconciliations and manual adjustments. . Blue Onion takes on this responsibility, providing finance teams with an automated, accurate financial data source from the outset–eliminating the need to choose between speed and accuracy.. . . Stay ahead of the future of finance. . Automate reconciliation for a clean financial data layer, and a close you can trust.. See how it works → . Blue Onion. One trusted source of financial truth from the first order to the final close.. . Product. Close Fabric Edge Integrations . Resources. Resource center Case studies . Company. Customers FAQ Careers Book a demo . . © 2026 Blue Onion Labs, Inc. Privacy · Terms · Accessibility · Do not sell my info . .