https://predictleads.com

Company Intelligence Data Built for AI Loading... . . Great, let's set up a demo! . . . . . . . We'd Love to Hear from You . . . . . . . . PredictLeads . Datasets . News Events . . . . . . Job Openings . . . . . . Technologies . . . . . . Key Customers . . . . . . Similar Companies . . . . . . Companies . . . . . . Products . . . . . . . Documentation . . Integrations . Pricing . . . Log in . Get a demo . Sign up for free . . . . . . Datasets . News Events . . . . . . Job Openings . . . . . . Technologies . . . . . . Key Customers . . . . . . Similar Companies . . . . . . Companies . . . . . . Products . . . . . . . Documentation . . Integrations . Pricing . . . Log in . Get a demo . Sign up for free . . . . . . . Company Intelligence Data Built for AI . . . . . . . Structured company intelligence built for AI agents, available via MCP, APIs, Webhooks, and Flat Files. . Company signals help you identify growing companies, understand target prospects and improve outreach personalization. . . Sign up and get 100 free API requests/month → . . . Booking Holdings Inc. integrated with Google Inc on Sep 22nd '26 . . . . . Latham & Watkins LLP partnered with OpenAI, Inc. on Sep 17th '26 . . . . . Nike Inc hired Alexandre Arnault as board of directors on Sep 17th '26 . . . . . SiMai.ai announced it raised $150M in Series C funding on Sep 29th '26 in California, co-led by Fidelity Management & Research Company and Amplify to develop low-power AI chips for physical edge devices. . . . . MADD partnered with Amazon.com Inc. on Sep 28th '26 . . . . . On Sep 29th '26, Vusion announced that its native integration with Cisco Systems, Inc will connect its platform to wireless infrastructure already deployed in JB Hi-Fi stores in Australia, helping reduce operating costs and environmental impact. . . . . OpenAI, Inc. launched ChatGPT sidebar inside Microsoft Word on Sep 17th '26 . . . . . Anthropic Limited hired Cristina Pitarch as Country Manager Iberia on Sep 17th '26 . . . . . Forum Mobility signed new client Tesla, Inc. on Sep 17th '26 . . . . . Oracle Corporation attended event AI Infra Summit on Sep 16th '26 . . . . . NVIDIA Corporation launched DSX Ready program on Sep 21st '26 . . . . . Meta Inc. integrated with Walmart Inc. on Sep 23rd '26 . . . . . Anthropic Limited expanded facilities to San Francisco, California, United States, Northern America, Americas on Sep 18th '26 . . . . . Healthee Inc integrated with Microsoft Corp. on Sep 22nd '26 . . . . . International Business Machines Corporation attended event Ashoka School of Business Industry Leadership Summit 2026 on Sep 19th '26 . . . . . A16z partnered with NVIDIA Corporation on Sep 23rd '26 . . . . . Meta Inc. is creating Meta Enterprise Platform as a new business pillar to turn its AI and infrastructure capabilities into enterprise products that companies can buy and deploy. . . . . Swarm Defense signed new client United States Department of War on Sep 22nd '26 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Why PredictLeads. Trusted by teams for accurate insights and exceptional service since 2015. . . . . . . . . . Reliable and unique news data that drives our prospecting . PredictLeads’ news data has been consistently valuable for our team. The coverage is broad, timely, and surfaces company signals that would be very hard to track otherwise. The integration into our workflows has been smooth, and the data quality has proven trustworthy over time. . John (Joao) B. . CTO Amplemarket . . . . . . Awesome data and amazing team . PredictLeads has a great and accurate dataset, timely updates, and an awesome API. The team is simply amazing, and startup-friendly, they are always here to help. . Roman V. . CEO and co-founder . . . . . . One of the best B2B data providers out there . Love the Breadth and depth. Predictleads has fantastic data in b2b-salient categories, enabling the build-out of a saas app to be 30x easier. . Daniel Wiener . Co-Founder Autobound . . . . . . Great data, Great price, Great team. . Really good quality data that is constantly improving. You can tell the founders are from tech because it is so easy to use and integrate. The team is always available to help. We use technographics, news, job postings (and would use anything else they build). . Sreejata C. . Chief Product Officer at a 1,000-person tech company . . . . . . . Datasets designed for agentic solutions . The more signals your AI agents have, the smarter they get. We combine diverse datasets so yours never miss a move. . . . Companies Firmographic data on 120M+ companies, with descriptions, tickers, locations, and corporate hierarchies (parent and subsidiary). Optional add-ons include industry classifications, NAICS codes, and revenue estimates.. Explore company data → . . . News Events Structured News Events data from 20M+ PR sites, news outlets, and blogs, categorized into 37 event types such as product launches, funding, partnerships, and expansions.. Explore company news data → . . . Job Openings Structured Job Posting data on 2.7M+ companies, including full job descriptions, ONET codes, and salary details, to uncover investment initiatives and future company growth plans.. Explore job openings data → . . . Technographics Technographics data identifying which technologies companies use, enriched with pricing information to estimate tech spend, sourced from job postings, website script tags, and DNS records, covering tools like Salesforce, HubSpot, and Marketo.. Explore technographics data → . . . Financing Events Financing Events data capturing companies receiving funding, structured into rounds, amounts, and dates across millions of news sources to power investment tracking and market intelligence.. Explore financing events data → . . . Products Products data extracted from company product and solutions pages, showing what each company offers and enabling analysis of markets, competitors, and offerings.. Explore products data → . . . Key Customers Key Customer data uncovering supply chain relationships by extracting company logos from case studies, testimonials, and customer pages, mapped with image recognition and categorized into customers, vendors, investors, and sponsors.. Explore key customers data → . . . Similar Companies Company Lookalike data on 18.5M+ companies, enabling you to find similar businesses, identify competitive landscapes, and expand market opportunities.. Explore similar companies dataset → . . . . . Power your AI solutions with company intelligence data.. Fresh, diverse, and actionable company data delivered via MCP, APIs, Flat Files, and Webhooks. Give your AI agents the signals they need to find, qualify, and act on the right accounts.. Real-time APIs. Access company intelligence data instantly via REST APIs with comprehensive documentation and webhook support. . Multiple datasets. Get access to News Events, Job Openings, Technographics, Financing Events, Products, and more on 120M+ companies. . APIs, Flat Files, MCP & Webhooks. Choose from APIs, downloadable flat files, Model Context Protocol (MCP) server or real-time webhooks to integrate data into your workflow. . . . . 1 { 2 "id": "704722d8-1a39-4a7a-95c5-82a9b62c8764", 3 "type": "news_event", 4 "attributes": { 5 "summary": "Fivetran, Inc. acquired Tobiko Data, Inc. on Sep 3rd '25.", 6 "category": "acquires", 7 "found_at": "2025-09-03T00:00:00Z", 8 "confidence": 0.7899, 9 "article_sentence": "Fivetran acquires Tobiko Data to power the next generation of advanced, ai-ready data transformation.", 10 }, 11 "relationships": { 12 "company1": { 13 "data": { 14 "id": "91ec5766-acd4-528c-98a2-506f6aba9624", 15 "type": "company" 16 } 17 }, 18 "company2": { 19 "data": { 20 "id": "e125bb7e-c124-59b0-9bdc-8fef02fc7757", 21 "type": "company" 22 } 23 }, 24 "most_relevant_source": { 25 "data": { 26 "id": "39a95074-7962-4caf-ae81-c05f6f2b1e01", 27 "type": "news_article" 28 } 29 } 30 } 31 }, 32 { 33 "id": "39a95074-7962-4caf-ae81-c05f6f2b1e01", 34 "type": "news_article", 35 "attributes": { 36 "author": null, 37 "body": "Fivetran acquires Tobiko Data to power the next generation of advanced, ai-ready data transformation.\n\nAcquisition brings advanced, multi-engine transformation and open source innovation into Fivetran's governed platform, helping organizations prepare and activate trusted data for AI\n\nOAKLAND, Calif., September 3, 2025 - Fivetran, the global leader in automated data movement, today announced it has acquired Tobiko Data, the open source transformation company behind SQLMesh and SQLGlot. With the acquisition, Fivetran strengthens its position as the only fully managed, end-to-end platform that combines data movement, transformation, and activation - making it easier for customers to deliver governed, AI-ready data with speed and scale.\n\nTobiko Data's technology was built for modern, production-grade environments where speed, adaptability, and efficiency are critical. Its intelligent transformation engine eliminates unnecessary runs, enabling teams to test, validate, and deploy updates faster while lowering compute costs. Built-in development environments and semantic SQL understanding further reduce overhead, improve reliability, and unlock time and cost savings.\n\n\"Our customers are under pressure to deliver trusted data faster, across more teams, and into more environments,\" said George Fraser, CEO of Fivetran. \"With Tobiko Data, we're expanding our transformation capabilities to meet that demand - and doing it with an open foundation that encourages transparency, innovation, and interoperability.\"\n\n\"We built Tobiko Data to make data transformation more collaborative, transparent, and predictable,\" said Tyson Mao, co-founder of Tobiko Data. \"By joining forces with Fivetran, we can scale these capabilities globally and help customers turn transformation into a strength.\"\n\nThis marks Fivetran's second acquisition of the year, following its acquisition of Census to expand into reverse ETL. Last year, Fivetran surpassed $300 million in annual recurring revenue, expanded its Connector SDK to help developers build high-quality production connectors, and launched Hybrid Deployment to support pipelines across private cloud and on-premises environments. Fivetran also expanded its Managed Data Lake Service to support Amazon S3, Azure Data Lake Storage, Microsoft OneLake and Fabric, and Google Cloud Storage. The service integrates with all major data catalogs and supports open table formats like Iceberg, helping enterprises build governed, AI-ready data lakes at scale.\n\nAbout Fivetran.\n\nFivetran, the global leader in data movement, is trusted by companies like OpenAI, LVMH, Pfizer, Verizon, and Spotify to centralize data from SaaS applications, databases, files, and other sources into cloud destinations, including data lakes. With high-performance pipelines, seamless interoperability, and enterprise-grade security, Fivetran empowers organizations to modernize their data infrastructure, power analytics and AI, ensure compliance, and achieve transformative business outcomes. Learn more at Fivetran.com.", 38 "image_url": "https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/6130fa1501794ed4d11867ba/63d9599008ad50523f8ce26a_logo.svg", 39 "url": "https://www.fivetran.com/press/fivetran-acquires-tobiko-data-to-power-the-next-generation-of-advanced-ai-ready-data-transformation", 40 "published_at": "2025-09-03T00:00:00Z", 41 "title": "Fivetran Acquires Tobiko Data to Power the Next Generation of Advanced, AI-Ready Data Transformation" 42 } 43 }, . . . . . . . . Use cases. PredictLeads company intelligence data powers a wide range of business applications, from AI-powered automation to market research and investment analysis.. . Agentic solutions Power AI agents and autonomous systems with real-time company signals, news events, key customers, lookalikes, technographics data and more. Enable intelligent automation that identifies prospects, tracks company changes, and triggers actions based on growth signals. . Sales Enablement Platforms Enable finding net new accounts through filtering by new datapoints provided. Enrich agentic systems with more data to work with when creating personlized outbound outreach. Score companies based on signals from Job Openings, News, Techno and more. Use Similar Companies to expand target markets of your customers. . Market Intelligence Platforms Track market trends, competitive landscapes, and industry movements with global data on 120M+ companies. Monitor funding events, product launches, partnerships, technology adoptions, supply chain patterns across industries and geographies. . Data Driven Investments Make informed investment decisions by enriching companies with hiring intent, news signals, customers signed and more. Identify promising startups, monitor portfolio companies, and analyze market opportunities with structured, point-in-time data. . Powering Job Boards Access job posting dataset on more than 2.7M+ companies with full job descriptions, ONET codes, salary details, direct links and more. Power job aggregation platforms, recruitment tools, and career sites with continuously updated listings sourced directly from company career pages. . Supply Chain Solutions Uncover supply chain relationships and business connections through Key Customers data. Map customer-vendor relationships, identify partners, and analyze business networks using logo recognition from case studies, testimonials, and customer pages. . . . . . . . Data quality. Quality, freshness, and global coverage. PredictLeads ensures the highest standards of data quality through our dedicated team of quality assurance specialists who review thousands of records daily across all datasets. Our data is continuously updated and verified, sourced directly from company websites for maximum freshness and accuracy.. . "PredictLeads' news data has been consistently valuable for our team. The coverage is broad, timely, and surfaces company signals that would be very hard to track otherwise.". John (Joao) B.. Founder, Amplemarket. . . Coverage spans 120M+ companies globally, with data sourced directly from company websites, news sources, and career pages. All datasets are point-in-time, ensuring you have accurate historical records while maintaining access to the most current information available.. Daily quality assurance. Our QA team of 10+ specialists reviews thousands of records daily across all datasets to ensure ongoing quality, accuracy, and consistency. . Continuous monitoring. Automated systems track crawling performance and data freshness, with designated developers notified immediately if any issues are detected. . Historical coverage. Access historical data dating back to 2016 for News Events and Job Openings, 2018 for Technologies, and 2019 for Key Customers, providing comprehensive point-in-time records. . All datasets include de-duplication logic to ensure signal clarity, and our anomaly detection system continuously monitors for potential data issues that are then reviewed by our Quality Assurance team. This multi-layered approach ensures you receive the most accurate, reliable, and up-to-date company intelligence data available.. . . . . News Events Dataset. Structured News Events data from 20M+ PR sites, news outlets, and blogs, categorized into 37 event types such as product launches, funding, partnerships, and expansions. Since 2016, PredictLeads has detected over 9 million relevant news signals available for 2.4 million companies globally.. The News Events dataset includes fields such as formatted signal, category, normalized location data, normalized investment amounts, most relevant source URL, article sentence, article body, article author, image and other News Event information. All events are categorized using machine learning algorithms to ensure accuracy and consistency.. . News sources 20M+ . News signals 9M+ . Event categories 37 . . . . . . Job Openings Dataset. PredictLeads provides global job openings dataset sourced directly from company websites, including their career subpages and ATS integrations. Dataset includes an average of 9.8 million active jobs at any given time, with historical data dating back to 2016. . . 1M+. Jobs Found Every Week. And average number of 9.8M active job openings at any given time, continuously updated.. . . 270M+. Historical records. Job openings data dating back to 2016 with comprehensive historical tracking.. . . 2.7M+. Companies covered. Job openings data available for over 2.7 million companies across industries and locations.. . . . . . Technologies Dataset. Technographics data identifying which technologies companies use, enriched with pricing information to estimate tech spend. Technologies are collected from script tags, DNS records, IP ranges, cookies, and job descriptions where companies mention them as required skill sets.. The Technologies dataset includes fields such as Technology Name, Description, Category, Pricing Data and more. Technology data is available on some 98 million companies, with 1.5 billion technology detections all time, covering tools like Salesforce, HubSpot, Marketo, and many more.. . Technologies tracked 240K+ . Companies covered 98M+ . Technology detections 1.5B . . . . . . Access fresh & structured global data . Point-in-time datasets on companies including structured and categorized News data, Hiring Intent, Technographics, Key Customers, Similar Companies, Company Financials, Revenues, NAICS codes and much more... . . Get started Talk to a data consultant → . . . . . . . . Testimonials. What our partners say. . "PredictLeads provides valuable intent data, especially around hiring trends, new technologies, funding, and company updates. The account management team is great too. Their support really stands out!" . . Rebecca M.. Head of Marketing & Product. . "Excellent intent data for outbound sales. PredictLeads powers our campaigns with relevant intent data that drives results.". Zaki M.. CTO. . "Awesome data and amazing team! Accurate datasets, timely updates, and an awesome API. The team is simply amazing, and startup-friendly, they are always here to help.". Roman V.. CEO and co-founder. . "Great datasets to keep track of the market. All datasets are grouped the same way by company domain. Very easy to match with our existing data.". Vincent Jong, CPO. Information Technology & Services. . . "Really good quality data that is constantly improving. You can tell the founders are from tech because it is so easy to use and integrate. The team is always available to help.". Sreejata Shatterjee. CPO. . "We have benchmarked jobs data against TONS of providers and consistently PredictLeads has th best coverage, the best infrastructure, and the most up to date information.". Jordan Crawford, Blueprint GTM. GTM Engineer. . . . "The coverage is broad, timely, and surfaces company signals that would be very hard to track otherwise. The integration into our workflows has been smooth, and the data quality has proven trustworthy over time.". Joao Batalha, Amplemarket. CTO. . Fantastic Technology with great support. Love the simplicity of the APIs and the helpfulness of the team.. Marco Oliver, Configur. Computer Software. . . "One of the best B2B data providers out there. Love the breadth and depth. Predictleads has fantastic data in b2b-salient categories, enabling the build-out of a saas app to be 30x easier.". Daniel Wiener. CTO, Autobound. . "Data we’re not able to get elsewhere. Love the granularity of the datasets!". Jaka B.. Product at Povio. . "Accurate data for lots of companies, that I can completely rely on 🔥. Love that they cover such a broad range of datasets.". Guillaume Cabane. HyperGrowth Partners. . . . . . . . . . . Support center. PredictLeads’ dedicated quality assurance team of over 10 professionals ensures that all necessary checks are completed promptly and client flags are reviewed without delay. The support team is always available to assist with customer-related needs, while developers provide help with any technical matters.. . Customer Support. Our customer support team is available around the clock and always responds within 24 hours. Whether you have questions about our data, pricing, or how to get the most from PredictLeads, we’re here to help.. . . Technical Support. Get help with API integration, webhook setup, data delivery, and technical questions. Our technical support team is always ready to assist.. . . Quality Assurance. Our dedicated team of quality assurance specialists continuously monitors and validates data to ensure accuracy, consistency, and reliability across all datasets.. . . . . . What is PredictLeads?. PredictLeads is a company intelligence data provider that delivers structured data about company activity, technologies, hiring, business relationships, similar companies, and news events through APIs, flat files, webhooks, and MCP. . PredictLeads provides 9 core datasets: the company news data dataset, the job openings data dataset, the technographic data dataset, the similar companies dataset , the company data dataset, and the key customer data dataset. Together, they help teams monitor company changes, enrich records, score accounts, identify lookalikes, track technologies, and power AI workflows with fresh company intelligence. . Data Delivery Through APIs, Flat Files, Webhooks, and MCP. Use PredictLeads data in the format that fits your workflow: APIs for applications and enrichment, flat files for bulk data workflows, webhooks for real-time alerts, and MCP for AI agents and LLM-powered research. See the PredictLeads documentation to get started or review PredictLeads pricing for plan options. . . FAQs. What datasets does PredictLeads provide?. + PredictLeads provides 9 core datasets covering 120M+ companies globally: the News Events Dataset , the Job Openings Dataset , the Technologies Dataset , the Similar Companies Dataset , the Companies Dataset , and the Key Customers Dataset . . How can I access PredictLeads data?. + PredictLeads data is available through REST APIs, downloadable flat files, real-time webhooks, and a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for AI agents and LLM-powered research workflows.. What companies does PredictLeads cover?. + PredictLeads covers 120M+ companies globally, with data sourced from company websites, news outlets, career pages, case studies, review sites, SEC filings and more.. Where does the data come from?. + All data is sourced directly by PredictLeads, no third-party data brokers. We crawl company websites and their subpages (career pages, product pages, case studies, about pages...), news outlets, press sites, blogs, review sites, and SEC filings. Every data point traces back to a primary source URL.. How far back does the historical data go?. + Historical data is available from 2016.. How is PredictLeads different from raw web scraping or generic news APIs?. + PredictLeads delivers pre-structured, categorized, and de-duplicated data gathered directly from company websites. Unlike raw web scraping, data arrives ready-to-use and data points are categorized, historical, include sources, are normalized and have verified values you can trust.. How is data quality ensured?. + All data is proprietary and reviewed daily by a dedicated team of 10+ quality assurance specialists.. How often is the data refreshed?. + PredictLeads crawls continuously 24/7. For news data, individual sources are re-crawled as frequently as every 8 minutes - across 20 million news sites, press sites, and blogs. Full job opening data is refreshed at least once every 36 hours. For all other datasets, each company website is checked on average daily: a single company site may have 20+ subpages, each visited at minimum every two weeks, which means the site as a whole is touched at least once a day. . How often can I receive data updates?. + The highest delivery frequency is via webhooks, which push new signals in real time as they are detected. For flat file exports, data is available on daily, weekly, twice-per-month, and monthly schedules.. Where can I find PredictLeads pricing?. + Visit PredictLeads pricing for current plan options, or review PredictLeads case studies to see how other teams use the data. . . . . . . . . Interested in how your organization . can leverage these insights? . Let's talk Sign up and get 100 free API requests/month → . . . . . “Building company datasets the right way, with attention to detail and a long term commitment to doing things well for our partners.” . PredictLeads family . LinkedIn . Ask AI about us. ChatGPT Claude Perplexity Google AI . . . Solutions. News Events . Job Openings . Technologies . Similar Companies . Key Customers . Companies . . Support. Documentation . F.A.Q. . System Status . . . Company. About Us . Pricing . Contact Us . Case Studies . Alternatives . Blog . . Legal. Privacy . Terms of Service . Security . . . . . Copyright ©2026 PredictLeads. . .