https://nomod.com/en-ae/about

About Nomod . About Us. At Nomod, we're building a financial operating system for forward thinking businesses. We're starting with making it incredibly easy to sign up and start accepting card payments both in-person and online. Next up, we're working on holding money, spending money, making payments, and providing fast access to credit!. . . . . . . . Our Mission. To empower millions of entrepreneurs and startups around the world to start and grow their businesses with our payment tools and financial services, our commitment to obsessively great support, and always solving for better. . Our Story. In 2018, Aamir started a fitness training business in Dubai and was looking for an easy way to accept card payments. Every payment acquirer he spoke with asked for myriads of documents, forced deposits, and had high costs for hardware. We decided to build him a side-project called Lunatap, an app to accept in-person card payments with your Stripe account. As the app gained traction, feedback from hundreds of small businesses around the world made it clear that not only could we make card payments much easier and faster, but that financial services for small businesses needed a ground up re-write. . Our Name. Nomod is an abbreviation of 'NO MOre Drama'. Getting access to financial services as a small business has turned into a document generating, box ticking nightmare. Instead, signing up to a bank account and other financial services should be as fast and as easy as creating a new email address. Say No to More Drama.. . Our Brand. The Nomod brand takes inspiration from our historical store of value, gold and silver coins. We fused this with bright, multiple colours to represent the coming together of hundreds of different payment methods and financial services. . . . . . . Our Investors. Nomod is backed by Y Combinator, Global Founders Capital, Goodwater Capital, Kingsway Capital, and other leading global investors. . . Our Values. We have thirteen values by which we organise, govern, and live by. We drive our decision making and the things we do everyday by these values. . . Transparency and trust. We’re truly transparent, which means we share information, help each other out, trust each other and trust others. We do what is best for each other. Our discussions are public by default, private only if necessary.. . . . Casual, but not informal. We’re easy going, flexible and dress well, but we’re never sloppy, late or unreliable. We’re serious about what we do and we do it well.. . . . Either do it really well, or don’t. We know what we’re good at and we do it to the best of our abilities, or we don’t do it at all. Life is too short for half measures.. . . . Customer passion. We’re aware of our competition, but we focus passionately on our customers. We work hard to understand what they want and then do our absolute best to give it to them.. . . . We’re ever curious. We are never done learning. We’re curious about new ideas and inventing ways to make things better.. . . . We cannibalise. We’re not afraid to take something that works and tear it apart to make something bigger and bolder. We take big bets and try our best to pull them off. No matter what the odds may be.. . . . Think big, act fast. Small is small. Big is better. Speed matters.. . . . Ownership & accountability. We never say that’s not my job. We act on behalf of each other and take responsibility when something does not go the way we want it to.. . . . Less is more. We accomplish more with less. Our constraints yield resourcefulness, which we use to prioritise and focus relentlessly. We say no a lot more than we say yes.. . . . Brutal feedback. We don’t do each other a disservice by not saying what we really think. We use honesty to disagree with each other, to challenge each other, even when it is uncomfortable and tiring. Once we decide, we commit fully together.. . . . Leadership. The inability to decide is far worse than taking a bad decision. We have conviction and are tenacious. We believe that leaders build leaders.. . . . Listen, then speak. We listen attentively and speak candidly. We are humble and self-critical, even when it may be uncomfortable and embarrassing.. . . . Results. We focus on delivering the right outcomes, on time. In the face of setbacks, we analyse, adjust and re-commit.. . . . . . . We're imagining and building the future of financial services for millions of businesses around the world. WORK WITH US . . . . .