https://www.windmill.dev/

Windmill | Code-first orchestration platform for internal software Windmill. Platform . Solutions . Docs Pricing Case studies More . . Contact us Windmill cloud . Open menu . . . . . OSS OSS . Code-first orchestration platform for internal software. Built for teams to create and collaborate on internal software. Loved by engineers for full code flexibility and control over their infrastructure.. ✓ Open-source and easy to self-host . ✓ Workflows, internal apps and data pipelines in one platform . ✓ Full flexibility of code and Git-based collaboration . ✓ Zero-ops infra powered by the fastest job orchestrator and workflow engine . . Try Windmill cloud Self-host in 3 mins → . . . Go Windmill supports Go Rest / GraphQL Windmill supports Rest and GraphQL . . . . Trusted by 4,000+ organizations, including 300+ EE customers at scale:. . . . Build and orchestrate all your internal software. In the AI era, every team can now build their custom apps and workflows, from engineering and data to sales, support and marketing. Windmill gives you one platform to build, share and orchestrate them all, with the governance and observability needed at enterprise scale. Scripts Workflows Internal apps Data pipelines AI agents Scheduled tasks . . Scripts. The starting point for most internal work. A single file of TypeScript, Python, Go, Bash or 20+ other languages becomes an API, a triggerable job and an auto-generated form, with no boilerplate in between.. Learn more about scripts . . . . From the Windmill UI or locally. Windmill provides built-in script editor , flow editor and app builder to build directly from the browser. To build locally with Claude Code or Codex, use the CLI and built-in AI skills. You can then deploy your work to your remote workspace with wmill sync push . $ npm install -g windmill-cli . Self-hosting? Deploy with Docker or Kubernetes first .. Windmill UI Local editor . . Running a script on the Windmill UI. . . From scripts to infrastructure, everything lives in code. Your entire workspace is versioned in Git . Teams can build from the UI or locally, while engineers manage infrastructure, deployments and environments with full code flexibility.. Learn about infrastructure as code → . Workspace repo Worker groups Global settings . f/ ├── etl/ │ ├── stripe_to_postgres.flow.yaml │ └── stripe_to_postgres/ │ ├── fetch_invoices.ts │ └── transform.py ├── devops/ │ └── rotate_iam_keys.ts ├── apps/ │ └── billing_dashboard.app/ ├── resources/ │ ├── postgres_prod.resource.yaml │ └── slack_webhook.resource.yaml └── schedules/ └── stripe_sync.schedule.yaml . Your workspace as a file tree. . . Shared workspaces to orchestrate, scope and secure your team's work. Everything your team builds lives in workspaces with granular permissions, shared resources and built-in databases.. Roles and permissions. Built-in roles from operator to superadmin. Organize with groups and folders, control who can build or execute thanks to path-based ACLs . . . Resources. Share API keys, credentials and connections across your team. Encrypted at rest, scoped by folder, accessible only to authorized users. . . Databases. Set up PostgreSQL databases at the workspace level so team members can build scripts, workflows and apps on top of shared data. . . . . . Full observability on every execution. Every execution is logged, tracked and searchable . Real-time logs, granular filtering, audit trails, and alerts on Slack, email or Teams when things go wrong.. . . The fastest orchestrator in the industry. We engineered Windmill to be the fastest orchestrator in the industry, ensuring your most demanding workloads never bottleneck. From a single-node VPS to 1,000-node K8s clusters, auto-scale on demand or isolate critical tasks with dedicated worker groups on Kubernetes and Docker.. See benchmarks 10 long tasks 40 lightweight tasks . . . . . Our core principles. The foundational beliefs that guide how we build Windmill.. No lock-in. Open source and self-hostable. Your code, your data, your infrastructure. Normal code in mainstream languages, no custom or proprietary SDKs. Run it locally, generate it with LLMs, port it anytime. . View on GitHub . Do not reinvent the wheel. Focus on what matters: your business logic. Every possible integration and trigger with external systems is already built-in with enterprise-grade reliability. PostgreSQL, Snowflake, Kafka, and 100+ more. . Explore integrations . Security and reliability at scale. Granular RBAC, SSO, Secret Management, and comprehensive Audit Logs. Battle-tested reliability at scale in regulated industries with air-gapped support. . Explore enterprise features . . . . . Testimonials. Enterprise software that developers love.. Read our case studies . . We actually use Windmill's job engine to do a lot of the heavy lifting for us. We schedule future jobs into Windmill's job engine to handle some drip hydration tasks for our demo platform. We can build things very quickly in Windmill, iterate very quickly, and we can ship them into a nice front end portal.. Case study . . . Frederic Louks Demo Platform Product Manager. . . . . Windmill quickly became crucial at Photoroom. We self-hosted Windmill Enterprise Edition to run a large number of internal scripts and business-critical automations. Windmill made chatops and iterations over scripts incredibly easy. It proved very reliable for running and monitoring workloads at scale. On top of that, their support is incredibly fast.. . . Eliot Andres Co-Founder & CTO. . . . At Pave, we self-host Windmill Enterprise Edition to run 100+ scripts and 15+ crons. Our Windmill deployment interacts with half a dozen data stores to power all kinds of business-critical tasks and automations across several teams. It enables our engineering org to move quickly while keeping things secure and avoiding infrastructure sprawl. . . . Lewis Ellis Staff Platform Engineer. . . . Our platform per se is built entirely upon Windmill. It was one of the few products that allowed us the flexibility of integrating with our own third-party Python library and having a graphical user interface already pre-baked - that was the main selling point of Windmill for us. Today, Windmill ranks among the most stable components of our infrastructure.. Case study . . . BJ Maldonado Platform Manager. . . . At Investing.com, we use Windmill to orchestrate our AI workflows. The quick setup through Docker Compose and intuitive UI allowed us to get started immediately. We leverage Windmill for various automation tasks including content processing pipelines, automated stock analysis report generation, and ETL processes.. . . Yonathan Adest Chief Technology Officer. . . . Currently, we employ 9 apps, 20 flows, and 63 scripts in our daily operations. They all serve as the foundation for essential tasks, allowing users to independently manage their activities according to their specific needs.. Case study . . . Sindre Svendby Software Engineer. . . . . . . . . Get a tour of Windmill. Learn Windmill's core features through hands-on video tutorials covering scripts, workflows, apps, and local dev. Script Editor ( 11 min ) 1 Flow Editor ( 17 min ) 2 App Editor ( 6 min ) 3 Local Development ( 3 min ) 4 . . . . Short on time?. Check out our 2-minute tour!. . Watch Now . . . . . Build your internal platform on Windmill. Scripts, flows, apps, and infrastructure in one place. Get started for free Contact us . . . Footer. Backed by . Product. Pricing Cloud Hub Case studies . Integrations. Windmill AI GitHub S3 Supabase Slack More integrations . Resources. Blog Documentation Changelog Roadmap llms.txt . Company. Jobs Brand Partners . Help & Support. OpenAPI GitHub Issues Discord Questions . Legal. Privacy Policy Terms of Service License Terms . . . Made with passion in . San Francisco and Paris.. Windmill Labs is SOC 2 Type II compliant.. . . . © 2026 Windmill Labs, Inc. All rights reserved. 1111B S Governors Ave STE 6013, Dover, DE 19904, USA. .