https://www.taiv.tv/blog/announcing-our-series-a/

Announcing Our Series A | Taiv Blog Skip to content Venues . Advertise . Resources . Contact . For venues . Venues How Taiv works on your screens Enterprise Venues Manage and monetize every screen across your locations . . By industry . Bars & Restaurants Multi-location groups . Retail Signage for c-stores and fuel retail . Gyms Keep members moving . Hotels Lobbies, bars, and rooms . Casinos Floors and sportsbooks . Cruise Every venue onboard . Case studies . Venue login . Pricing . FAQ . . . For advertisers . Advertising overview Reach engaged audiences during live sports . By vertical . Automotive In-market buyers, every market . Alcohol & beverage Win the order at the point of pour . Sports betting Betting, fantasy & prediction, 21+ . Finance & insurance High-income fans, market by market . Entertainment Drive tune-in to a captive room . CPG Win the game-day point of purchase . Travel Reach fans who travel for the game . Apparel Reach the fans who wear the category . Retailers Drive the trip to the store near them . Advertiser guides . Case studies . Advertiser login . Advertiser FAQ . . . Resources . About Our story and team . Blog News and guides . Advertiser guides Free planning guides for media buyers . Glossary Advertising terms defined . Case studies Advertiser results and proof . Events Meet Taiv at industry shows . Careers Join the team . . Get in touch . Contact us Send us a message . Live chat Chat with our team . Email us hello@taiv.tv . Call us 1-866-824-8101 . LinkedIn . Instagram . Facebook . . . . . . Login Get started Venues . Advertise . Resources . Contact . Venues. Venues How Taiv works on your screens Enterprise Venues Manage and monetize every screen across your locations By industry. Bars & Restaurants Multi-location groups Retail Signage for c-stores and fuel retail Gyms Keep members moving Hotels Lobbies, bars, and rooms Casinos Floors and sportsbooks Cruise Every venue onboard Case studies Venue login Pricing FAQ . . Advertise. Advertising overview Reach engaged audiences during live sports By vertical. Automotive In-market buyers, every market Alcohol & beverage Win the order at the point of pour Sports betting Betting, fantasy & prediction, 21+ Finance & insurance High-income fans, market by market Entertainment Drive tune-in to a captive room CPG Win the game-day point of purchase Travel Reach fans who travel for the game Apparel Reach the fans who wear the category Retailers Drive the trip to the store near them Advertiser guides Case studies Advertiser login Advertiser FAQ . . Resources. About Our story and team Blog News and guides Advertiser guides Free planning guides for media buyers Glossary Advertising terms defined Case studies Advertiser results and proof Events Meet Taiv at industry shows Careers Join the team . Contact. Contact us Send us a message Live chat Chat with our team Email us hello@taiv.tv Call us 1-866-824-8101 LinkedIn Instagram Facebook . . . Login Get started . . . . All posts News Announcing Our Series A. Noah Palansky • June 9, 2025 • 3 min read . . . . We’re thrilled to announce that Taiv has raised two new rounds of funding totalling $16.5 million USD. The most recent, our $10.5M Series A, was led by IDC Ventures, with significant contribution from Emerging Ventures, one of the most influential venture capital firms in the restaurant tech industry. The round also had participation from Y Combinator, FJ Labs, Pioneer Fund, Aperiam, Garage Capital, Mu Ventures, and many others. The Series A includes $2.75M of venture debt from RBCx. We’re proud to say that over 95% of our institutional seed investors doubled down and reinvested in our Series A.. Our Journey. Over the past few years, Taiv has come a long way. We started with a simple dream - to develop technology that makes businesses more fun, engaging, profitable, and easier to manage for patrons, business owners, and advertisers. From originally launching in Miami in 2021, to expanding across the USA with over 2,000 locations and employing a 60 person team across North America, it’s been a wild ride. But Taiv is now bigger than ever… equipped with the people, tools, and knowledge to take it to the next level.. We’ve expanded our product to be able to give our partners, and the customers they serve, the best experience possible. Smarter commercial breaks, content channels, customized advertisements, complete screen control, games, and even memes. Taiv lets businesses fill their screens with the content that is perfect for their unique environment instead of irrelevant and competitive content. Our win-win-win business model has allowed us to grow rapidly… and we’re only getting started.. The World We Envision. Imagine you’re at your favourite sports bar on a Saturday night… The big game is on TV, you’re eating delicious food, and hanging to the edge of your seat as your eyes are glued to the screen. Suddenly, it cuts to commercial, and instead of showing drink specials, highlight videos, and hilarious content… it shows ads for toilet paper, prescription drugs, or even worse, the sports bar across the street. The environment dies.. We envision a world where the commercial break doesn’t kill the buzz. Where businesses can have complete control over what plays in their four walls, AND earn cash from the commercials that do play in their venues. Where companies can actually showcase their products in the right places at the right time where people want to buy them. A better experience for everyone. That’s why we get up in the morning.. At the same time, we’re envisioning what the future of out of home advertising looks at. Imagining if out of home was more like digital advertising, where you could reach people at the exact moment when they are aligned with your brand - when they feel a certain way, show purchase intent, or are in a certain state of mind that makes them more likely to buy your product. Imagine if you could actually measure the results and attribute them like e-commerce can online. That’s the world we think is only a few short years away.. What’s Next?. By raising our Series A, we will now expand our proven product and business model to every major market in North America. The next wave of business television - Powered by Taiv - is officially underway. In addition to restaurants and bars, you can expect to see Taiv in gas stations, convenience stores, even your local mom & pop shops. We’ll be there to power them toward better content, data, and customer experience that transforms their business.. To support our nationwide expansion, we’ll keep working to scale our AI algorithm, develop new product revisions to provide more features for our partners, invest in fast & reliable distribution, and hire top talent who can take us to the next level. It won’t be easy, but nothing worth building ever was!. Finally, a huge thank you to our incredible team, visionary customers, dedicated partners, and supportive investors. We couldn’t be more grateful to have you on board.. If you’re inspired by our story and where we’re going, check out our careers page!. . . . . More from the blog . . News Taiv Receives $5M in Federal Funding to Scale AI-Powered In-Venue TV July 8, 2026 . News We Rebuilt taiv.tv July 8, 2026 . Insights How to Block Competitor Ads on Your Bar's TV June 21, 2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Two sides of the same screen.. Venues take control of their TVs, run their own promos, and earn from every break. Brands reach real crowds during the games that matter. Whichever side you are on, Taiv is how the screen pays off.. Taiv in your venue Advertise with Taiv . . . . The AI OS for business TV. . . . Venues Overview . Bars & Restaurants . Retail . Enterprise Overview . Bars & Restaurants . Gyms . Hotels . Casinos . Cruise . Advertise Overview . Automotive . Alc/Bev . Sports betting . F&I . Entertainment . CPG . Travel . Apparel . Retailers . Guides . Case studies . Company About . Blog . Glossary . Events . Careers . Contact Contact us . Live chat . Email us . Call us . Legal Overview . Restaurant Terms . Advertiser Terms . Retail Terms . SMS . . Venues . Overview . Bars & Restaurants . Retail . Enterprise . Overview . Bars & Restaurants . Gyms . Hotels . Casinos . Cruise . Advertise . Overview . Automotive . Alc/Bev . Sports betting . F&I . Entertainment . CPG . Travel . Apparel . Retailers . Guides . Case studies . Company . About . Blog . Glossary . Events . Careers . Contact . Contact us . Live chat . Email us . Call us . Legal . Overview . Restaurant Terms . Advertiser Terms . Retail Terms . SMS . . . © 2026 Taiv. All rights reserved.. Cookie preferences . . We use cookies to understand how the site is used and to improve it. You can accept all, reject non-essential, or choose what to allow. See our Privacy Policy . . Strictly necessary Required for the site to work. Always on. Analytics Helps us measure and improve the site. Marketing Lets us measure ads and tailor messaging. . . Customize Save choices Reject all Accept all . . .