https://www.draftwise.com/blog/draftwise-introduces-ontonomi-tm-with-ropes-gray-as-founding-legal-ontology-partner

Ontonomi: Legal Ontology for Law Firms | Draftwise | Draftwise . Product. . . . . Drafting & Precedent Research. Contract intelligence, explained. Playbook Studio. Automatically activate your institutional knowledge. Deal Table. Unlock the insights inside your contracts. Knowledge Console. Control the knowledge that powers every workflow. . . . . Ontonomi™ Law Firms. . . Big Law. Ensure firm-wide standards at scale. Mid Law. Deliver high-impact, personalized client service. . . In-House. . . In-House Overview. Accelerate business with faster, high-quality deals. Ad Tech. Review every IO with your full negotiation history. Defense Tech. FAR/DFARS and commercial, one precedent layer. Investment Funds. Speed fund docs with precedent-powered terms. Life Sciences & Pharma. Review every agreement backed by signed precedent. Real Estate. Negotiate every deal backed by prior transactions. SaaS. Clear contract queues with precedent-powered redlines. . . Customers. . . Customer Stories. How firms and in-house teams harness the power of Draftwise. Case Studies. Results from firms and in-house teams using Draftwise. . . News . Book a demo . . . . . . . . Draftwise Introduces Ontonomi™ with Ropes & Gray as Founding Legal Ontology Partner. . Ropes & Gray will deploy the legal ontology platform within its private funds practice to connect and scale the firm’s proprietary intelligence. . . News . Published. September 29, 2026. . . NEW YORK, September 29, 2026 — Draftwise today introduces Ontonomi , a new offering of its proprietary intelligence layer, alongside a founding partnership with Ropes & Gray to deploy its legal ontology within the firm’s private funds practice.. Ontonomi gives a standalone identity to the legal ontology platform Draftwise announced in August. This technology extends beyond Draftwise’s core drafting, review, and precedent research workflows to encompass broader areas across the business and practice of law.. Ontonomi launches a new category of technology for law firms, creating proprietary data assets that reflect their unique expertise. Law firms have an information advantage built through deep client relationships, market experience, and decades of legal work. Ontonomi turns that experience into sovereign intelligence that firms own and control, giving them autonomy over how their knowledge powers lawyers and AI, and a proprietary foundation for better decisions and enhanced client service.. Ropes & Gray has selected Draftwise’s Ontonomi as a platform to build a legal ontology to support its industry-leading private funds practice, ranked Band 1 by Chambers USA . Ontonomi will structure and connect the experience embedded in the firm’s fund formation work, including partnership agreements, side letters, MFN provisions, and other negotiated rights across fund and investor relationships. Lawyers will have immediate insights into precedent agreements and be able to assess current negotiation dynamics on a real-time basis by leveraging the firm’s collective experience as mapped by the ontology.. “Our goal is to strengthen our client service offering and expand our market insights through technology,” said Ropes & Gray partner Melissa Bender, who leads the private funds’ strategic innovation team. “By building with Ontonomi, we’ve been able to harness our tremendous depth of experience and the accumulated knowledge from decades of funds work an to make that intelligence immediately accessible in order to give our clients that extra edge during negotiation.” The private funds deployment is the first application of a broader partnership, with Ontonomi and Ropes & Gray extending its legal ontology into additional areas of the firm’s practice. The data modeled into an ontology for private funds lawyers is also useful for fund finance teams structuring subscription facilities, tax and ERISA lawyers analyzing investor obligations, and compliance teams tracking commitments.. “Our approach to AI is client focused: we adopt technology when it improves the quality, consistency and efficiency of the work we deliver to clients,” said Neill Jakobe, Vice Chair of Ropes & Gray. “Ontonomi gives our lawyers another powerful way to apply the firm’s collective experience and judgment at scale, while maintaining the standards our clients expect from Ropes & Gray.” “Ropes & Gray has built decades of experience through its lawyers, client relationships, and work,” said James Ding, founder and CEO of Draftwise. “AI is available to every firm, but that experience is uniquely theirs. Ontonomi gives Ropes & Gray a way to scale that proprietary intelligence across the whole firm.” Ontonomi is SOC 2 Type II-, ISO 27001-, and GDPR-compliant. Ethical walls are enforced on every query, and access mirrors a firm’s existing document management permissions.. For more information or to request a demo, visit www.draftwise.com/ontonomi .. About Ontonomi. Ontonomi is a legal ontology platform from the creators of Draftwise, built to help law firms deliver the best outcomes for their clients using proprietary data and experience no one else has access to. By modeling the relationships between clients, matters, deals, negotiated positions, and outcomes, Ontonomi turns a firm’s work product into decision intelligence that lawyers can use on every matter. In an increasingly generic landscape of AI outputs, Ontonomi amplifies your sovereign expertise.. About Ropes & Gray. Ropes & Gray, a preeminent global law firm, has been ranked in the top three on The American Lawyer 's prestigious “A-List” for nine consecutive years. The firm has more than 1,500 lawyers and legal professionals serving clients in major centers of business, finance, technology, and government in New York, Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, Washington, D.C., London, Dublin, Milan, Paris, Hong Kong, Singapore, Seoul, Shanghai, and Tokyo. The firm has consistently been recognized for its leading practices, including asset management, private equity, M&A, finance, real estate, tax, antitrust, life sciences, healthcare, intellectual property, litigation & enforcement, privacy & cybersecurity, and business restructuring.. . . . . . . . . . . . Related posts. View all . . . Your Briefing: What's Happening in Legal AI Right Now. . September 1, 2026. . . . . Draftwise Brings the First Legal Ontology Platform to Market. . August 24, 2026. . . . . Your Briefing: What's Happening in Legal AI Right Now. . August 3, 2026. . . . . . . . . . . Unlock your legal force multiplier. . Book a demo . Why Draftwise. Product For Big Law For Mid Law For In-House For Ad Tech For Defense Tech For Investment Funds For Life Sciences & Pharma For Real Estate For SaaS Customers . . Resources. News Resources Events . . Company. About Careers Partners Support Security FAQs . . . Subscribe for the latest Legal AI insights from Draftwise. . . By subscribing you agree to our Privacy Policy and provide consent to receive updates from our company.. Thank you! Your submission has been received!. . . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.. . . . . . © 2026 Draftwise. All rights reserved.. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Consent Preferences . . . . . . .