https://gitstart.com/blog/redefining-the-future

Redefining the Future of Software Engineering | ○˚ Ticket Studio BETA . Accelerate Docs . Login. . . Ticket Studio. BETA . Accelerate. Docs. . . . Announcements . Redefining the Future of Software Engineering . Redefining the Future of Software Engineering . . At GitStart, we're rethinking how software is built by combining AI and human expertise. Backed by new and existing investors, we’re excited to continue advancing this approach to software development. . Hamza . November 12, 2024 . . . . . . At GitStart, our goal has always been clear: to make software development faster, more efficient, and more accessible by combining human expertise with a fully managed software development lifecycle. We have made significant strides since 2019. Our initial experiments started with agents powered by static code analysis to powerful LLMs, and combining them with remote engineers has delivered code quality and consistency well above anything else in the industry.. Real Impact on Production Codebases. Our first significant milestone was achieved by merging the first dozen pull requests in the main Firefox Android App, resolving longstanding accessibility issues and significantly enhancing the user experience for millions. Since then, GitStart has continued to impact open-source projects like Sourcegraph, Cal.com , and Storybook.. Since then, we have shipped over a billion lines of code across some of the world’s most complex private codebases, achieving a 98% merge rate with an average of 1.7 code review cycles. Performance consistently meets—and often exceeds—that of many in-house teams. Today, our platform supports hundreds of full-time developers, with more than 20k developers eager to join our network.. How GitStart Works. We had to rebuild the entire Software Engineering stack from the ground up to enable AI Agents to work effectively with remote engineers.. At the core of GitStart is our proprietary secure code layer, GitSlice. GitSlice isolates relevant sections of any codebase and creates dynamic Docker environments, allowing AI agents to work efficiently on just the necessary parts. These slices are continuously synced with the main codebase and deployed in secure environments behind private VPNs. This boosts security and improves AI performance by reducing the amount of code loaded into their limited context windows.. On top of these slices, we’ve built our autonomous Software Development Lifecycle, where AI agents carry out the work, bringing in remote engineers from our platform to review and polish the final changes.. It feels like magic for teams—they simply import tickets from tools like Linear and JIRA and receive ready-to-review pull requests directly in their GitHub or on-premise GitLab.. Shifting the bottleneck away from code delivery. With GitStart, our customers experience a future where their engineers can complete most of their work by scoping tickets and reviewing pull requests. This enables them to focus on the most complex technical challenges in-house instead.. After shipping a billion lines of code, our focus has turned to helping scope tickets — leading to the launch of GitStart AI Ticket Studio , which became the #1 Product of the Day on Product Hunt a few months ago. Writing well-scoped tickets requires extracting a lot of context, so we fine-tuned our language models to ask progressively targeted questions. This enables us to gather the precise context needed to create each ticket from across their organizations!. Next, we’re tackling code reviews with our upcoming GitStart AI Review Studio . As code is increasingly generated by AI, traditional GitHub code reviews no longer scale effectively. That’s why we’re developing innovative methods to review and scale code while ensuring teams maintain full ownership of their codebases.. The Journey Ahead. We’re thrilled to announce additional funding from our existing backers—including Neo, FutureAfrica, and YC—as well as new investors like Hadi Partovi (CEO @ Code.org ), Jack Krawczyk, Karthik Ramakrishnan, Peter Weck, and Jim Andelman from Bonfire Ventures, who led this round.. We’ve also seized this opportunity to set up our board with Jim from Bonfire and Maria Zhang (CEO @ Proactive AI Lab**)**. Maria brings a wealth of experience in building and managing engineering teams, having served as CTO @ Tinder and VP of Engineering across tech giants like Google, Meta, LinkedIn, and Yahoo.. Some of the world’s most ambitious engineering teams already use GitStart to supercharge their AI-driven development with incredible results. If you’d like to join these teams, reach out to us at hello@gitstart.com , and let’s chat!. . . More Stories. . Meet the Community . Sitting down with Maria Zhang, GitStart Board Member, at Plato Elevate 2024 . Maria joined the GitStart Board as an independent Director in May. She has over a decade of experience as an engineering leader, so I recently sat down with her to hear her stories and insights. . . . Hamza . July 30, 2024 . . . . . . . . . Meet the Community . A conversation with Selasie Anani, CTO of mPharma . James, Head of Remote Engineering at GitStart, recently sat down with Selasie Anani to discuss his experiences and perspective as the CTO of mPharma. . . . Andreea . July 3, 2024 . . . . . . . . . Announcements . Welcoming Maria Zhang to GitStart's Board . Our early supporter and seasoned industry veteran Maria Zhang has joined our Board as an independent Director. We're excited about the future with her on the team! . . . Hamza . May 31, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Terms of Use . . . . . . . . Privacy Policy . . . . . . . . Trust Center (SOC2) . . . . . . . © 2025 Murcul, Inc. All rights reserved. . . . .