https://floathealth.com/about

Float Health | About Us . For Pharmacies For Nurses About Us Blog . Login Join Us . . . Bringing Hospital-Quality Care Home. Float is building the technology platform that enables skilled nurses to deliver specialized medication treatments in patients' homes, making healthcare more accessible, efficient, and human.. . . . The Problem & Our Progress. Millions of patients require specialty medications that traditionally forced them to receive treatment in hospitals or clinics. While home administration has been possible for 30 years, nursing shortages and outdated systems have limited access. Float is changing this—we've already enabled over 86,000 successful home medication visits, each representing a nurse finding better work and a patient accessing care more conveniently.. . . 53% of pharmaceutical spending goes to specialty medications.. 20% of infusions will be delivered at home.. Home care is 8-12 times cheaper than hospital.. . Our Impact. For Patients. Convenient, professional care in the comfort of your home.. For Nurses. Flexible opportunities to use your skills while earning more.. For Healthcare Partners. Expanded reach and improved medication adherence.. . 86,000+ successful visits completed through Float.. . . . . “We are VERY happy with Float. Float is our #1 go to company to staff because your turn around is excellent and you do things thoroughly and timely.”. Pauline Pharmacy Employee . . Leadership Team. Founders. Ryan Johnson MSN RN. CEO . . Ryan has worked in healthcare for over 20 years across pre-hospital, rescue, bedside, and hospital leadership. While the majority of his career was spent as an ER nurse, his dad also depends on specialty infusions that Ryan was able to give him at home. Using his skills and expertise outside of the hospital to keep his dad happy and healthy was the spark that ignited Float. . . Christy Johnson. COO . . Christy’s journey into healthcare and her approach to elevating the home infusion experience for patients, nurses, and specialty pharmacy is shaped by a unique background in entrepreneurship. After witnessing the challenges family members faced treating chronic conditions, Christy wanted to shift the care model to one that actually makes sense. Bringing SuperNurses to the home.. . . Key Team Members. Daniel Pupius. CTO . . Engineer and entrepreneur who believes healthier companies are both better places to work and do better work.. . Nels Gilbreth. Head of Growth . . Growth and strategy leader with 15+ years experience. Helped scale Eventbrite from 13 employees through IPO. Co-founder of Daydream (acq. 2025). MPhil Physics, Cambridge.. . Rachel Schneiders. Head of Operations . . Former Director of Performance Innovation + Service Design at One Medical. Healthcare Operations Expertise. BA in Anthropology.. . Carl Kirts. Head of Enterprise Partnerships . . Healthcare GTM leader with 20+ years earning C-suite trust across complex health care organizations, while structuring solutions that move the needle on patient outcomes and financial performance.. . Alex Ruff. Head of Business Operations . . Strategic finance expert with 10+ years experience. Passionate about transforming data, financial, and market insights.. . Sijae Brown. Product Lead . . Senior Product Manager with a background in applied AI, large-scale systems automation, and zero-to-one product development. Proven track record leading complex, cross-functional initiatives across defense, climate research, and healthcare technology.. . Pete Lyons. Engineering Lead . . Brings pragmatism and craft to software since the early web. Experience in startups, e-commerce, and data center automation.. . Brad Janke. Engineering Lead . . Thrives on technical nuance, startup-spirited, and always learning—transforming healthcare through relentless curiosity.. . . . Backed By. Float is backed by leading healthcare and technology investors who share our vision for transforming medication delivery. Our partners include top-tier venture capital firms with deep expertise in healthcare technology, marketplace businesses, and scaling mission-driven companies. Their support enables us to invest aggressively in technology and operations as we expand our platform nationwide.. . . Our Values. Work for the SuperNurses Making our best nurses the heroes will attract the best talent, and in turn deliver the best patient experience.. . We Choose to Go to the Moon Doing something remarkable organizes and measures the best of our energies and skills.. . Poise, Not Pose We are eager to grow our understanding and excited to change our minds when new evidence overcomes assumptions.. . Velocity is our Habit We act with velocity, executing swiftly with the minimal required accuracy to approximate the correct direction.. . We Boldly Do What is Right We treat our patients, nurses, pharmacies, and each other with respect and honor, going above and beyond to do what is right.. . . Join Our Mission. Work with Float. Are you a nurse interested in flexible, well-paid opportunities to use your skills? Join our network of professionals delivering care in homes across America. Join as a Nurse . . build Float. Help us build the future of healthcare delivery. View open positions across engineering, product, operations, and more. View Open Roles . . . . . Footer. Explore. Nurses Pharmacies About Us Careers Trust Center . Service. Privacy Policy Terms of Service HIPAA Statement SMS Text Messaging . Contact. 2261 Market St #4745 San Francisco CA 94114. info@float.health 858-771-6213 . . Copyright © 2026 Float Health Inc. All Rights Reserved. . .