https://www.synapticure.com/blog/mjff-michael-j-fox-foundation-advisory-announcement

Announcing a New Advisory Relationship with The Michael J. Fox Foundation | Synapticure . . . . . . . . . Your CMS GUIDE Partner for Specialized Dementia Support. Learn more . . Patients & Caregivers. . What We Treat GUIDE Model How It Works CMS GUIDE Program. ‍ . Partners. . Healthcare Providers Accountable Care Organizations Health Plans Health Systems CMS GUIDE Model Research & Life Sciences . Company. . Our Story Our Leadership Team Our Experts Careers Collaborators & Supporters Contact Us Refer a Patient Partner with Synapticure In the News . Resources. . Frequently Asked Questions Blog Newsroom . Schedule Intake Log In . . . Log In Schedule Intake . Menu. . . . . Announcing a New Advisory Relationship with The Michael J. Fox Foundation. Synapticure announces The Michael J. Fox Foundation as its newest advisor to help improve access to specialty care and to accelerate Parkinson’s research. Sandra Abrevaya. June 6, 2023. . . . . Sandra Abrevaya. February 9, 2024. . . . . . . SHARE. . . . . . . . Synapticure has worked with The Michael J. Fox Foundation to establish an expert advisory board of people living with Parkinson’s to leverage its national platform to drive rapid access and innovation in care and patient experience for people living with Parkinson’s across the country.‍ . ‍. The State of Care in Parkinson's Today. An estimated one million Americans are living with Parkinson's disease (PD) today. However, lengthy wait times, long distances from Centers of Excellence (COE), and a scarcity of sub-specialized neurologists mean that fewer than 30% of those patients are currently under the care of a Movement Disorders Specialist and as little as 10% have access to a COE.1,2 This means that hundreds of thousands of patients may never get access to specialized treatment plans and innovative clinical trials, slowing down the pace of acceleration for Parkinson's research.. ‍. How Synapticure Will Address This. With Synapticure's national telehealth offering, specialized Parkinson's care is available to patients in the comfort of their own homes and in partnership with their existing care teams, regardless of where they live in the United States. The Michael J. Fox Foundation has worked with Synapticure to establish a Parkinson's Expert Advisory Board composed of PD patients and care partners that will help Synapticure continuously improve and innovate its care to meet the evolving needs of the Parkinson's community and to advance research.. Additionally, using patient onramps created by The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research (MJFF), Synapticure patients will be made aware of opportunities to participate in clinical trials and other research opportunities. Synapticure's goal is to provide care for people living with Parkinson's regardless of where they live and whether they are seeing a movement disorder specialist. By doing this, we can reach a diverse group of people living with Parkinson's and help diversify those who are in clinical research.. ‍. How This Works. Synapticure brings comprehensive, cutting-edge virtual care to people living with Parkinson's, enabling remote access to Movement Disorder Specialists, Care Coordinators , virtual speech and language therapy, in-home physical therapy, clinical trial education and support , and insurance navigation support , with mental health care coming soon. Synapticure is in-network with most major insurers and will bill patients' insurance providers for any medical visits.. MJFF is the largest, non-profit funder of Parkinson's research in the world and is dedicated to finding a cure for Parkinson's disease through an aggressively funded research agenda and to ensuring the development of improved therapies for those living with Parkinson's today. To date, MJFF has funded more than $1.75 billion in global research programs. The Foundation also sponsors the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative — a landmark clinical study with 50 global sites and the most robust Parkinson's dataset and biorepository in the world (which to date has been downloaded by global researchers more than 12.5M times).. "I am really excited to have the Michael J. Fox Foundation as an advisor to Synapticure, as their expertise and leadership in the fight against Parkinson's will help us build out the best-in-class care platform for people living with Parkinson's," said Synapticure co-founder Brian Wallach. Synapticure CEO, Sandra Abrevaya, added, "By working together, we can help bring care to every person living with Parkinson's in the US and, at the same time, help accelerate the research that will lead to breakthroughs in this fight.". Evelia Deane, MJFF's Vice President of Partnerships and Alliances, says, "Incorporating the voice of the patient in research and in the development of solutions for care is essential. MJFF commends groups like Synapticure who have prioritized direct engagement with the Parkinson's community, through opportunities like their Parkinson's Expert Advisory Board.". Synapticure's Movement Disorder team is led by Dr. Jaime Hatcher-Martin, a long-standing advocate for the use of telemedicine to democratize expert neurological care and reduce patient burdens. Prior to joining Synapticure, Dr. Martin practiced at Emory University, where she started her own telemedicine clinic for patients with movement disorders in 2016, and at SOC Telemed (now Access Telecare). She is a Fellow of the American Academy of Neurology, served as co-chair for their Telemedicine Workgroup as well as many other telehealth subcommittees, and is on the Telemedicine Study Group for the International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society.. People living with Parkinson's can sign up today for a telehealth visit with Synapticure's care team, which for most is covered by insurance .. . 1 Parkinson's Counter. 2 Parkinson's Foundation Designates Three Centers of Excellence in Parkinson's Care: Global Network Expands to 45 Parkinson's Centers . . . . . . Ready to get started?. . Your first consultation with a care navigator is at no cost. Give us a call at 855-255-5917 for details.. Learn more Book a consultation . . . Continue reading. . The Kitchen We Didn’t Design: Lived Experience as Advocacy. May 20, 2024. How your personal journey paves a more livable path for the next family.. . . Finding Strength and Hope in The Unexpected Journey. May 20, 2024. Emma Heming Willis’s Caregiving Story Reminds Us We’re Never Alone. . . Synapticure’s Origin Story: Our Mission, Milestones, and Impact. February 9, 2024. Synapticure was founded after an ALS diagnosis—now it’s transforming neurodegenerative care through nationwide virtual access to comprehensive care and clinical trials. . . . . . . Parkinson's Disease . . . More from our blog. View all ›. . . The Kitchen We Didn’t Design: Lived Experience as Advocacy. Sabrina Johnson, BCPA. March 25, 2026. . . . . . Finding Strength and Hope in The Unexpected Journey. Sabrina Johnson, BCPA. September 23, 2025. . . . . . Synapticure’s Origin Story: Our Mission, Milestones, and Impact. Synapticure. August 28, 2025. . . . . . . . . Log In Schedule Intake . . Sign Up for Our Newsletter. Stay informed about the latest treatments, research breakthroughs, and Synapticure updates.. . . . Thank you! Your submission has been received!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting. Please try again.. . . . . Stay Connected. Follow us as we work to make neurodegenerative care easy, accessible and personalized for all.. . . . . . . . . . Get Care. General Inquiries. Partner with Synapticure. Refer a Patient. . Contact Us. Schedule Intake. What We Treat. Refer a Patient. . . Partners. Our Partners. Healthcare Providers. Health Systems. Accountable Care Organizations. Research & Life Sciences. . . Resources. All Resources. Frequently Asked Questions. Testimonials. Caregiver Resources. Billing. Blog. . . Company. Our Story. Our Leadership Team. Our Experts. Careers. Collaborators & Supporters. Newsroom. In the News. . . Legal. Privacy Policy. Terms of Service. Notice of Privacy Practices. Consumer Health Data Privacy. Telehealth Informed Consent. FCOI. Nondiscrimination Notice. . . . Synapticure . 2045 W Grand Ave Ste B, Chicago, IL 60612 . Phone: (708) 630-1534 . Referral Fax: (708) 669-8631 . Fax: (888) 517-8619. ‍ . ©2025 Copyright Synapticure. All rights reserved.. . . Notice to patients open payments database. For informational purposes only, a link to the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Open Payments web page is provided here. The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires that detailed information about payment and other payments of value worth over ten dollars ($10) from manufacturers of drugs, medical devices, and biologics to physicians and teaching hospital be made available to the public. You may search this federal database for payments made to physicians and teaching hospitals by visiting this website: https://openpaymentsdata.cms.gov/. . . . . . -->. . Don't miss updates from Synapticure. Want to stay up to date on the latest in neurodegenerative care? Sign up here.. I’m interested in… Alzheimer’s and related Dementias Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) Lewy Body Dementia Frontotemporal Dementia (FTD) Parkinson’s Disease Huntington’s Disease Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP) Multiple System Atrophy (MSA) Corticobasal Degeneration (CBD) Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Primary Lateral Sclerosis (PLS) Progressive Bulbar Palsy (PBP) You're signed up!. . Something went wrong, try again in a few seconds. . . . . . .