https://www.conductor.build/blog/series-a

Conductor’s Series A | Conductor Blog . . . . Changelog Docs Pricing Enterprise Join Us Download . . . March 30, 2026 . Conductor’s Series A. We’ve raised a $22m Series A from Spark and Matrix.. Last summer, we built Conductor to help us get more out of coding agents. Conductor lets you create isolated copies of your codebase, run agents in each one, and review and merge their work.. We could see that most software would soon be built by AI teams, and we’d need new interfaces to manage them.. This year, it's felt like we're heading into that world like Marty McFly at 88mph. Solo engineers are outbuilding big teams. Claude is ripping through 10 week roadmaps in an hour. "Best practices" are out the window. . Conductor is leading the way. We've had enormous user growth (10x since January). YC startups are writing 100% of their code in Conductor. Google, Meta, Hubspot, Chime, Intercom, Ramp, Datadog, Block, Flexport, Rippling, Amazon, Spotify, and more all have dozens of engineers using Conductor. As one engineer told us: “A huge amount of my work now is wildly parallelized, in a way I've never had to worry about before. It's been a while since a dev tool has changed my life.”. A big thank you to all our generous and committed users: your feedback has made Conductor what it is today.. We’ve got a long way to go from here. We built the first version of Conductor to run small AI teams on our MacBooks, but it will become the platform for managing huge AI organizations, available everywhere from your phone to your VPC. We look forward to sharing more about that with early testers soon.. We raised this round from Ilya Sukhar at Matrix, who also led our seed round and is joining our board; Nabeel Hyatt at Spark; Y Combinator; and founders of Notion and Linear. We're grateful to be working with investors we trust and admire.. Download Conductor now , and if you’re excited about what we’re working on, join the team .. Choo choo!. Charlie and Jackson. . . . [Company] Team Blog Enterprise Join us . . [Resources] Docs Changelog Brand kit . . [Legal] Privacy Terms . . [Connect] X YouTube Reddit Discord . . . © 2026 Melty Labs SOC 2 Type II . .