https://curvenote.com/blog

Curvenote Blog | Scientific Communication & Publishing . Products . . Solutions . . Learn . . About . Book a demo . . Curvenote Blog. . Filter by tag . . . OpenRxiv & Curvenote’s new Reader launch took to the stage at FORCE11 2026. At FORCE11 2026, Curvenote showcased the newly launched Curvenote Reader deployed over all of openRxiv to enthusiastic feedback from scientific publishing leaders — with callouts on the innovation from the opening and closing keynotes as a meaningful step forward for open science.. open-science. conference. presentation. . . Curvenote Reader brings a better reading experience to half a million openRxiv preprints. Curvenote Reader is now live across half a million bioRxiv preprints - bringing inline citations, zoomable figures, and connected context directly into the reading flow. Find out how we modernized one of science's biggest preprint repositories without disrupting a single workflow.. open-science. reader. partnerships. news. . . Curvenote on the Data Engineering Podcast. Rowan Cockett joined the Data Engineering Podcast to talk about reproducibility, open science, and the future of scientific communication.. open-science. podcast. . . A Constellation of Open Research. The openRxiv community came together to share plans for the future of the preprint ecosystem. We reflect on the vision and community energy that will shape the next few years, and how technologies like Curvenote are helping support a new generation of open research publishing. . presentation. open-science. preprints. openrxiv. . . Curvenote Debuts Platform for Connected Publishing to Move Science Beyond the PDF. Curvenote launches its Scientific Content Management System (SCMS) to transform fragmented research into connected, reusable components. Learn how this platform helps researchers collaborate faster, preserve credit, and publish interactively across labs and networks.. news. update. scms. . . SCMS: The next evolution of Curvenote. Discover Curvenote's Scientific Content Management System (SCMS) that transforms research into connected, reusable components. Learn how SCMS keeps source history, metadata, and credit intact from notebooks through publication, enabling faster collaboration and connected publishing.. scms. update. brand. . . From Fragmented to Connected: Why Science Needs an SCMS. Explore why science needs Scientific Content Management Systems (SCMS) to solve the "messy middle" problem in research. Learn how SCMS transforms fragmented workflows into connected, reusable building blocks that preserve credit and enable faster collaboration.. scms. . . SCMS: An introduction. Learn what a Scientific Content Management System (SCMS) is and how it works. This primer explains how SCMS connects research components across tools, making scientific content searchable, reusable, and ready for connected publishing.. scms. . . From PDFs to Possibilities. Welcoming product visionary Jillian Hale as we build a modular, dynamic future for research. Jillian’s background spans product strategy, communication, and platform design. She brings a unique blend of user-centered thinking and a deep respect for how scientific work gets done. . update. team. . . Curvenote Raises $1.4M Seed Round to Power the Future of Modular Scientific Communication. YC-backed company is building sustainable, interoperable tools for open science with a focus on reusable interactive content, computational workflows, and long-term infrastructure.. news. company. investment. . . Preserving Executable Research Content. Curvenote is helping to lead a new FORCE11 working group, "Preserving Executable Research Content: Challenges, Frameworks, and Best Practices". The working group will bring together researchers from diverse scientific communities to address the challenges of preserving and archiving computational notebooks and interactive research articles and artifacts over time.. open-science. working-group. . . Enhancing Scientific Collaboration with MyST Markdown and Continuous Science. In today's fast-paced scientific environment, the gap between code development and scholarly communication is widening. While scientists increasingly rely on code for analysis and modeling, traditional methods of sharing results—like static PDFs—fail to capture the dynamic and interactive nature of modern research.. conference. presentation. keynote. . . Expanding Open Access: How Open Source Principles Can Transform Scientific Communication. A panel discussion with Lorena Barba, Rowan Cockett, Karthik Ram and Arfon Smith explores how open source software practices can reshape the way we communicate scientific discoveries. Adopting open source tools and processes could drastically improve scientific communication, especially with the growing complexity and interconnectedness of research data.. open-science. open-source. presentation. panel. . . Embracing Continuous Science at FORCE11. At FORCE11 2024 Curvenote presented on our vision of Continuous Science, where the principles of continuous integration and deployment, well-known in software development, can be applied to scientific publishing to improve speed, reproducibility, and feedback loops.. open-science. conference. presentation. . . Curvenote Sponsors SciPy 2024 and supports the SciPy Proceedings. Curvenote is hosting the SciPy proceedings and is a Gold-level sponsor of the SciPy 2024 conference. The new proceedings, hosted by Curvenote, are web-first and interactive. Curvenote is supporting the 2024 proceedings from automated submission, through to hosting and metadata preparation including submission to scholarly infrastructure providers like CrossRef and ORCID.. news. journal. partnerships. . . Curvenote at SciPy2024. Curvenote attended and sponsored SciPy2024, hosting the proceedings, presenting on MyST Markdown and sprinting towards new integrations in the wider scientific Python community.. conference. proceedings. partnerships. . . Embracing Reuse in Scientific Communication. The ability to build upon existing knowledge is fundamental to the process of science. Yet, despite the rapid advancement of science, the methods for citing and referencing content have remained surprisingly static. Curvenote is introducing new tools in MyST Markdown to create rich references and embed open-access content.. article. myst. open-source. . . Curvenote Joins Forces with Scholar Nexus to Revolutionize Scholarly Publishing. Curvenote announces a strategic partnership with Scholar Nexus. Initially incubated by Neuromatch, the partnership is aimed at transforming the outdated scholarly publishing system by embracing the principles of open science, scholarly-led infrastructure, reproducibility, and an exceptional user experience.. news. journal. partnerships. . . Publishing Computational Notebooks at AGU23. Curvenote launches Notebooks Now! at the American Geophysical Union Annual Meeting in San Francisco, where 20,000+ scientists descended on Moscone Center for five days of wide open science.. publishing. conference. presentation. . . Top takeaways from JupyterCon 2023. Curvenote and ExecutableBooks were at JuptyerCon 2023 in Paris, between all the amazing announcements & talks, here are our main takeaways.. events. jupyter. . . Curvenote Launches New Scientific Journal with the Physiome Project. Curvenote, a new publishing platform and writing tool designed for scientists in the age of open science, has launched their first scientific journal with the Physiome Project. The open access journal focuses on mathematical models of physiological processes.. news. journal. product. partnerships. . . Curvenote Hires Mike Morrison to Redesign Science Communication. Curvenote hires Mike Morrison as their newest team member focused on user experience research. Mike is a well-known science communication advocate with a background in UX design and a PhD in psychology.. news. company. team. . . Better scientific articles — and beyond. Mike Morrison, the designer of the #betterposter movement, is joining Curvenote on a mission to improve scientific articles.. update. team. . . Architecture of MyST and Curvenote Websites. Curvenote and MyST websites create structured data, which can be rendered by any number of "theme servers", which are in charge of turning that structured data into a reading experience.. myst. cli. . . Writing a scientific paper faster with MyST Markdown. Webinar - Learn how to write your next paper, report or even your thesis in MyST Markdown to create PDFs and interactive web articles.. webinar. myst. cli. editor. . . How to use LaTeX with MyST Markdown. The MyST command-line tools can now parse and render LaTeX documents, we explore some of the process behind creating this feature.. latex. tutorial. myst. editor. . . How to use Paperpile with Curvenote. Create BibTex files for your Curvenote project using Paperpile. This guide shows two ways to easily connect Paperpile to Curvenote to make reference management easy.. tutorial. editor. partnerships. . . One Click Publishing for Open Research Websites. A Curvenote webinar taking attendees through publishing and updating research websites directly from the Curvenote visual editor. webinar. publishing. editor. . . Research Software Engineering Conference 2022. We are presenting a walkthrough of Curvenote’s publishing capabilities at RSECon 2022, in Newcastle.. conference. presentation. . . Share research online in 60 seconds. Easily share scientific content and Jupyter Notebooks online, all you need to start is GitHub or GitLab repository and you can be up and running in 60 seconds.. jupyter. git. demo. . . Webinar: One Click Publishing. This week we hosted a webinar showing off our new publishing in-app no-code publishing features. webinar. publishing. weeknote. . . Curvenote on the Command Line. You can now interface with Curvenote through the command line using our new CLI. Eaily export your content, work locally with MyST Markdown, or export to any PDF, Word or LaTeX template.. cli. editor. . . Working Locally With MyST Markdown. Export your Curvenote articles to MyST Markdown to locally edit the content. MyST Markdown is a new specification of Markdown that allows you to write professional documents, books and websites.. myst. cli. editor. . . Creating an Open Research Website. Using the Curvenote CLI to create an open research website with a local Markdown based authoring experience.. webinar. editor. . . Connecting ORCID and Curvenote. An orcid.org is a persistent digital identifier for researchers which is widely used. You can now conenct your ORCID account directly to your Curvenote profile.. orcid. integration. weeknote. . . Metadata and Reproducibility. Enhancing FAIR Data Workflows through use of PIDs in Curvenote and beyond.. presentation. open-science. conference. . . Hidden pages & Thebe Release. Publishing Curvenote sites became even easier last week when we launched our new publish button in the Curvenote editor.. thebe. publishing. weeknote. . . Publish from Curvenote. You can now publish directly from the Curvenote platform, including setting domains in the project settings.. publishing. weeknote. . . Future of Research Communication & Collaboration. A presentation on the challenges with today’s tools for research communication & collaboration, and present a vision for the future.. presentation. open-science. . . Creating & Sharing Scientific Websites. Lightning talks at the Transform22 event, (1) deploying a scientific website in 4.5 minutes; and (2) things learned at FORCE11.. presentation. conference. . . Thumbnails & Meeting in Person. We added thumbnails to the article frontmatter, as well as met up with the whole Curvenote team in person for the first time!. cli. seo. weeknote. . . How we Deploy Curvenote. We overhauled the curvenote.com site to make better use of the new publishing tools and CLI.. publishing. cli. weeknote. . . From Jupyter Notebook to Scientific Paper. In this tutorial we go over how to turn your Jupyter Notebooks into a scientific paper.. tutorial. editor. . . Themes & Interactive Computing. We integrated the open-source thebe-core with the JupyterLite project allowing Python based notebooks to be executed in-browser.. interactive. brand. weeknote. . . Try Curvenote, Metadata Talk, Webinar!. We released try.curvenote.com to make it easier to create a Curvenote site!. presentation. weeknote. . . Reusing & Remixing Scientific Content. Our goal with Curvenote is to introduce tools that can lower the barrier to linking, tracking, and enable the possibility to collaboratively act on improvements.. article. open-science. . . Creating Inline Code in a WYSIWYG Editor. One of the biggest frustrations in using what you see is what you get (WYSIWYG) editors when coming from knowing Markdown is how they deal with inline code.. open-source. . . Curvenote Unveils Product for Teams. Curvenote, a company revolutionizing scientific communication and collaboration, is excited to announce the launch of Curvenote Teams. This new product offering builds upon the success of Curvenote Pro, providing teams and organizations with an additional layer of collaboration.. news. product. . . Communicating Science. How does open-science allow us to reimagine how we stand on the shoulders of giants?. article. open-science. . . Version Control for Scientists. Version control in Curvenote works across a scientists' content, code and results making it easy to track, reuse and collaborate around their work. article. open-science. editor. . . Document Outline & Documentation. We released the first version of our command-line tools and are prepping for a webinar next week!. product. weeknote. . . Metadata, Analytics, and Docs. We added all sorts of scholarly metadata, including licenses, DOIs, arXiv links, open access statements, binder & GitHub links, and more.. cli. docs. weeknote. . . Collaboration in Scientific Writing. Reflections on distinct modes of collaboration in science including gathering feedback, asynchronous co-authoring and review, and real-time simultaneous editing.. article. editor. . . Getting the word out about Curvenote & investigating Jupyterlite. This week we investigated Jupyterlite, and worked hared on getting the work out about Curvenote on twitter and medium!. brand. interactive. weeknote. . . How to export to PDF & LaTeX using Curvenote. Writing up research for submission to a particular conference, journal, or preprint service is a major task. Exporting to a PDF should be easy!. tutorial. latex. editor. . . Permissions, website updates, MDPI journal template and LaTeX diffs for submission. We show off an example of an archeology article, a sneak peek and the new website, and discuss creating LaTeX diffs for pdfs.. website. tables. figures. jupyter. weeknote. . . Data driven LaTeX templates. Introducing a lightweight templating engine, jtex, that provides a simple command line interface (CLI).. open-source. latex. editor. . . Volcanica Journal Template. We introduced the Volcanica journal in response to a user request.. templates. weeknote. . . Curvenote Microsoft Word Export. Exporting to Microsoft Word is now a single click in Curvenote!. update. editor. . . Curvenote Unveils New Product & Brand. Curvenote, a company dedicated to improving scientific communication and collaboration, has launched a new brand and a product called Curvenote Pro. Curvenote Pro comes with professional templates & private projects.. news. brand. product. . . Introducing Curvenote. The Curvenote brand embodies aspects of reuse, modularity and the connections behind ideas through building blocks that provide structure and can also be pulled apart, rearranged and used in unique ways.. update. editor. . . Introducing Curvenote Pro. Introducing Curvenote Pro, which includes additional private projects, advanced publishing, and export to any professional template.. update. editor. . . arXiv templates & Rebranding Curvenote. This week we added export templates for arXiv, EarthArXiv and Volcanica, we also are working towards a rebrand of Curvenote.. templates. weeknote. . . New navigation panel & public projects. This week we released an update of our Navigation panel we also showcase some of the public projects that are being developed on Curvenote.. product. weeknote. . . Hover effects, ranking on search engines. This week we released new hover popovers for links as well as improved the SEO for users articles.. product. weeknote. . . Export Templates & JTEX. This week we released export templates and dive into details of the templating mini-language, jtex, that we're defining.. latex. templates. product. weeknote. . . Tables, Cross-References & Citations. This week we introduced changes for internal cross-referencing of content and citation management improvements.. citation. tables. weeknote. . . Improving speed of Curvenote. The initial page load of Curvenote is now 50% faster ⚡⚡⚡. performance. weeknote. . . Thumbnails when you share Curvenote articles. This week we released improvements to our metadata and tagging to show thumbnails when you share an article. We also went through some of the recent changes and fixes in the Curvenote app and extension.. seo. weeknote. . . Version control for scientists & layout improvements. This week we're talking about version control via Curvenote - the current workflows and thoughts on future changes.. version-control. weeknote. . . Download, captions, and notifications. We are working on exporting Curvenote articles as LaTeX and PDF, as well as improving image and figure captioning and referencing.. latex. weeknote. . . Curvenote Accepted into Creative Destruction Lab. Curvenote, a platform for collaborative writing, has been accepted into the prestigious Creative Destruction Lab (CDL), a nonprofit organization that offers an objectives-based program for science and technology-based companies.. news. company. . . Creative Destruction Lab. Curvenote was chosen to participate in a science & technology innovation program called Creative Destruction Lab.. update. presentation. . . YCombinator Application. Curvenote was selected as one of 8 Canadian companies with over 16,000 global applications to participate in YCombinator W21, which is the premier startup accelerator in Silicon Valley.. presentation. update. . . Curvenote is accepted into Y Combinator to accelerate the pace of scientific discovery. Curvenote, a platform for building, remixing, sharing, and exploring scientific content, has been accepted into the prestigious Y Combinator accelerator program for Winter 2021.. news. company. . . Curvenote Sponsors FORCE11 to Promote Open Science and Reproducibility. Curvenote, a leading provider of tools for collaborative scientific writing, is proud to announce its gold sponsorship of the FORCE11 2021 conference.. news. partnerships. . . FORCE11 2021 Conference. Curvenote is a Gold Sponsor of the upcoming the FORCE11 2021 conference.. update. open-science. conference. . . FORCE11 2021 Recap. Our notes from the FORCE11’s 2021 Annual Conference with over 1,300 participants.. update. open-science. conference. . . Writing a paper with Curvenote and Jupyter Notebooks. A webinar using Curvenote for scientific writing and integration with Jupyter notebooks.. webinar. editor. . . Research Workflows, with Dr. Lindsey Heagy. An interview with Dr. Lindsey Heagy, an assistant professor in Earth Data Science and researcher at the University of British Columbia. Lindsey is also a Science Advisor for Curvenote.. interview. editor. . . Curvenote for Individual Research Notes. Using Curvenote’s Jupyter extension and editing tools to keep track of research notes and progress.. interview. editor. . . Curvenote for Group Research Notes. Learn how the SimPEG team uses Curvenote for their weekly meetings, embedding interactive figures and references to notebook code and outputs.. interview. editor. . . Curvenote for Reproducible Research. Improve reproducible research by linking together your articles and your Jupyter Notebooks. You can make it easy for others to view, edit, and use your data and research - whether that’s across disciplines, industries or just within your own department.. interview. editor. . . Creating Open Educational Resources. How to integrate open source and reproducibility practices into presenting educational materials.. interview. editor. . . Transition to Open Science, with Dr. Jiajia Sun. Open science is fundamentally changing how scientists and researchers approach scholarly communication and collaboration, from publishing preprints and interactive research results.. interview. . . Reflections on 2020. Research techniques have evolved, but our tools for communicating and collaborating have not. Curvenote aims to unify scientific research, education, & publishing, by providing a platform where scientific ideas can be developed and published in an interactive and accessible way.. presentation. article. . . JupyterCon. At JupyterCon 2020 we introduce Curvenote, allowing you to sync content between Jupyter Notebooks and a web-based, collaborative document editor.. presentation. open-source. conference. . . Software Underground. Lightning talk at Transform 2020, on how we reuse ideas and move them forward together.. presentation. conference. . . . Today’s discoveries. Tomorrow’s building blocks.. . Company. About . Press . Careers . . Platform. Curvenote SCMS . Curvenote Reader . Curvenote Editor . Integrations . Pricing . . Learn. Case Studies . Blog . News . Documentation . Changelog . . Support. Request a demo . Contact . Digital Accessibility . . . . . . . . . . . © 2026 Curvenote Inc. All Rights Reserved.. Curvenote® is a registered trademark of Curvenote Inc.. Terms & Privacy . . . . . . . . .