https://www.kitekraft.de/blog

Blog . . Airborne Wind Energy Technology About Us Blog . . de/eng . . . Blog. . Read our latest blog posts and find out about what drives Kitekraft, how we approach things, and what our latest developments are.. . . Customer Story. Customer Stories: Polarstern. In this blog post series, we shed light on Kitekraft's customers. We tell you what they do, what their vision is, and how our technology can help them to achieve it. Once our product is on the market these companies will be the first to be supplied with Kitekraft systems. This episode presents: Polarstern.. Read More. . . . . Company. Kitekraft Wins 2024 Elektra Award for Power System Product of the Year. Kitekraft’s groundbreaking flying wind turbines enable clean energy transmission using Vicor power modules Kitekraft to enable the world's transition to 100% clean energy using renewable airborne wind power systems. Now, Kitekraft won the 2024 Elektra Award for Power System Product of the Year, at a ceremony in London hosted by Electronics Weekly magazine.. Read More. . . . . Customer Story. Customer Stories: CENEC. In this blog post series we shed light on Kitekraft's customers. We tell you what they do, what their vision is, and how our technology can help them to achieve it. Once our product is on the market these companies will be the first to be supplied with Kitekraft systems. This episode presents: CENEC.. Read More. . . . . Business. Development Collaboration with Heicks Parylene Coating GmbH. Munich, 21.11.2024: Kitekraft has entered a new development collaboration with Heicks Parylene Coating GmbH. Heicks Parylene Coating GmbH focuses on the permanent sealing of electronic assemblies with extreme requirements.. Read More. . . . . Business. Parliamentarian Breakfast at the German Federal Parliament. Munich, 08.11.2024: Yesterday, Kitekraft participated in a parliamentarian breakfast at the German Federal Parliament (Deutscher Bundestag).. Read More. . . . . Customer Story. Customer Stories: Enerwhere. In this blog post series, we shed light on Kitekraft's customers. We tell you what they do, what their vision is, and how our technology can help them to achieve it. Once our product is on the market these companies will be the first to be supplied with Kitekraft systems. This episode presents: Enerwhere.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Long Duration Flight Confidence gained. Kitekraft has reached a technological inflection point through a test campaign completed over the past months. The flight test campaign showed a significant increase in flight duration and distance traveled. This technological proof point was achieved thanks to the various implementations and advancements of this year.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Kitekraft Completes Flights with Full Sensor Redundancy. Kitekraft has completed several flights with full sensor redundancy and other reliability enhancements. With these new developments, a Kitekraft system is now so robust, that any sensor at the kite or at the ground station can be lost, but the system detects that failure, remains in a safe state, and lands normally in hovering to the ground station for inspection. This capability marks another milestone for Kitekraft and its focus on safety and high reliability.. Read More. . . . . Company. Kitekraft receives Permit to Fly at Night and Automatically without Personnel on Site. The permit includes authorization to fly at night, fully automatically, and without personnel on site, marking a pivotal moment for the company's path to commercialization.. Read More. . . . . Business. AWE makes it into German law. Airborne wind energy officially recognized by the German government.. Read More. . . . . Company. First grid-connected flight with power production. Kitekraft has completed a first flight with its recently installed grid connection. Even though wind conditions were not ideal, some power was generated and fed into the German power grid.. Read More. . . . . Company. Kitekraft Connects Flying Wind Turbine Demonstrator to Public Grid. As a first of its kind, Kitekraft connected its test site to Germany's public electricity grid. This marks a crucial step towards the commercialization of Kitekraft's flying wind turbine technology.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Kitekraft completes wind tunnel test campaign. Kitekraft has recently completed another successful test campaign in the wind tunnel. Two aspects of its flying wind turbine design could be veryfied: Hovering in high winds, which is crucial for take-off and landing, and the performance of newly designed carbon fiber reinforced plastic rotors.. Read More. . . . . Company. The next phase. Kitekraft enters into a new phase towards building commercially available flying wind turbines as we are excited to present our new, fully integrated prototype, bringing together kite and ground station. With this our focus shifts from the conceptual development towards improving reliability and efficiency instead. . Read More. . . . . Company. Kitekraft raises $1.6M to make wind turbines that fly. Kitekraft, the Munich-based renewable energy startup building flying wind turbines, has raised $1.6 million to continue its development towards a first pilot installation.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Tech-Deep-Dive: How Kitekraft Solves Aerodynamics. Aerodynamics is an interesting and one of the most challenging fields of science and engineering. You can even win $1 million if you can contribute to the understanding of the underlying math. In this blog post we want to share our take on it!. Read More. . . . . Technology. Do We Need Flying Wind Turbines? (Spoiler: Absolutely!). In this blog post we talk about different technologies that play a role in solving the climate crisis, because this is not a one-technology show. However, the differences between the different technologies can be significant and also vary a lot when looking at different metrics. This time, we'll put the focus on material usage - inspired by Bill Gates' new book "How to avoid a climate disaster".. Read More. . . . . Technology. How to Develop Flying Wind Turbines Quickly and Cost-Efficiently?. In August this year, we celebrated the milestone of flying figure eights for the first time with our kite. In this blog post, we share some of the ingredients that enabled this fast pace development.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Kitekraft succeeds with autonomous all phase flight of new kite demonstrator. We are thrilled to announce that we have reached a major milestone in our development towards our first 100kW product with a successful flight in all phases. The flight was fully autonomous apart from giving high level commands to launch and land.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Taking over the Baton from Makani. With Makani's discontinuation we make use of their data open-sourcing and reflect on their achievements, possible mistakes, and our interpretation and anticipation of them.. Read More. . . . . Company. Kitekraft Completes Flight in Figure-Eights. We hit a major milestone by completing our first figure-eight flight. We are proud that we came to this point in just over one year after company foundation. Below is a video.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Digitizing Energy Generation. We are proud to announce that Kitekraft is a winner of the “Gründerwettbewerb Digitale Innovationen” (a startup competition on digital innovations) awarded by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy.. Read More. . . . . Company. Kitekraft Takes Off — With Y Combinator and Beyond. With this blog post we want to share the latest developments around Kitekraft and how this idea is literally “taking off” and became a reality.. Read More. . . . . Company. The Kitekraft Master Plan. Find out about the idea behind Kitekraft's approach: Enabled by our efficient design we want to start with smaller systems. Then scale up. Then scale up again. And continue to do so until we reach the MW range.. Read More. . . . . Technology. Which Energy Technology has the Lowest CO2-Footprint?. Renewable energy technologies must take over the global energy generation quickly, so that we achieve the 2 °C goal and prevent the tipping of our planet’s climate. But which energy technology has the lowest CO2-footprint, i.e. which energy technology is the cleanest?. Read More. . . . . Company. Kitekraft Unveils 5kW Kite. Today’s energy generation is dirty. Renewable energy technologies are not yet cost-effective enough and are therefore not deployed fast enough. According to climate scientists, only a few decades are left to reduce global anthropogenic CO2 emissions to zero, so that we achieve the 2°C goal and prevent the tipping of our planet’s climate. This is a short time span for achieving such a goal, which is only possible through improved renewable energy technologies.. Read More. . . . . . . . . Flying wind turbines.. This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon Europe program under Grant Agreement No. 101084216. . . Navigation. Intro Airborne Wind Energy Technology Blog About . Contact FAQ Imprint Legal Notice . . . . Subscribe to stay updated. . Thank you! Your submission has been received!. . Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Please contact marketing@kitekraft.de . . . . . . . . . .