https://www.animahealth.com/careers

Anima | Careers . . Products . . Resources. . . . . Patients . . Careers . . . Book a demo. . . . . . . . . . Menu. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Products . . Resources. . . . . Patients . . Careers . . . Book a demo. . . . . . . . . Every day at Anima is an opportunity to save lives. . . . Every day at Anima is an opportunity to save lives. . . . . Join the ambitious team building the operating system for healthcare professionals. Empowering clinicians to deliver life-changing care in hours, not weeks.. . . Join the ambitious team building the operating system for healthcare professionals. Empowering clinicians to deliver life-changing care in hours, not weeks.. . . Join the ambitious team building the operating system for healthcare professionals. Empowering clinicians to deliver life-changing care in hours, not weeks. . . . See Open Roles. . . See Open Roles. . . . . . . A note from the co-founder. . Hey! Shun here, I’m the CEO and co-founder of Anima. Our mission is to deliver precision medicine to everyone in the world in under 24 hours. My entire life, I’ve been pulling on a thread that’s affected all of us in some way. Millions die every year because their medical problems aren’t treated quickly enough. Hundreds of millions suffer pain, worry and discomfort needlessly because of long waiting times. I trained as a doctor in the NHS and quit out of frustration at seeing countless cases of people dying because they got misdiagnosed or didn’t get the right care plan. Seeing the problem space at all abstraction levels, including as a doctor and at the HM Treasury, convinced me that the only way to fix healthcare was to build a ‘Care Enablement’ platform that can automate and abstract away work at the clinic, and effectively 10x'ing the capacity of doctors. Doing so would also be the path to a superhuman personalised medicine agent that could go well beyond humans, crunching tens of thousands of low level features at genome and transcriptome level. At Anima, you’ll help us extend the 3 existing product lines we have, that millions of patients use, and build out new ones at the very cutting edge of healthcare reinforcement learning and agentic AI. Your work will save countless lives. Top 1% growth. 450% business growth in 2024. Cash Flow Positive. $14m+ in ARR. And all with a team of ±20. I won’t write too much here, because I think the metrics speak for themselves and if we get further along the process, we can always discuss it more. Users love our product. The biggest testament to this is that most of our growth comes from virality and referrals.. As one of the standout companies in YC’s W21 batch, we raised $2.5M before Demo Day in just 4 days, led by Hummingbird. In early 2024, we closed an oversubscribed Series A round of $12M, led by Molten Ventures. We’ve been turning down pre-emptive offers of more capital since 2024.. Over the last 18 months, we’ve grown from $1.5m (Q1 2024) to $14.6m cARR (June 2025) and we’ve resolved over 4.3 million patient cases on our platform, including 3.1 million medical problems, and we estimate that Anima has saved over 8600 lives. Anima clinics look after 4 million+ lives, and every day around 20,000 people get care through Anima, growing fast. Why you might love working here Since the beginning, we’ve cultivated a unique hacker culture at Anima with a flat hierarchy. If you look at some of our LinkedIn profiles, you’ll note that the title is often ‘Product at Anima’, which is a more accurate description of what your role will be - it’s much broader than the typical SWE role. We predict that small, killer T-shaped teams will win out over large mediocre ones in the era of agentic AI. We've been purposefully building a 'knights of the round table' where each person has an incredible amount of ownership, autonomy and human impact on saving lives - zero line managers, PMs or EMs, but an intensive focus on coaching and teaching. [In case you’ve seen the show, the best analogy is Firefly and the crew from it. Greatest show ever imo.]. It started with me. I self taught and wrote a lot of the Anima 1.0 code, and Anima’s active learning patent. I first and foremost see myself as an IC and builder, and still build stuff in my spare time. More than 80% of our product team are VPs, ex-technical founders and former CTOs (we do not have titles internally). We also have domain experts, including full-stack clinical engineers: ex-MDs who left established medical careers to join Anima because they recognised the much higher leverage they’d have here.. Almost everyone in Anima (on the engineering and growth team) are at least somewhat technical and very UX focused. This makes for a truly flat hierarchy. Internally, people have described it as a hive mind - there is little semantic error because we all deeply understand the problem, engineering, grading for potential features, and trade-offs. It's reflected in how we operate With the outlier product talent density at Anima, there's a heavy focus on coaching and teaching, with no need for line management. We’re direct and honest about feedback with one another, helping us to grow together.. We've been able to make huge strides in the NHS because we all deeply understand the problem, grading tasks based on our engineering expertise, and real life clinical trade-offs. This deep domain knowledge is ultimately how we integrated with the major electronic health records (EMIS and SystmOne) in just 4 months.. We're relentlessly resourceful. In 18 months, we grew from $1.5m cARR to $14.6m cARR and built an extremely loved enterprise app that users have said 'seems too good to be true'. Anima can take an information complete medical history as good or better than a typical human doctor, and increasingly automates front and back office in a way that would’ve seemed like science fiction a few years ago - for example, Annie (our AI) now deals with a large percentage of documents completely autonomously without a human in the loop.. . Anima is a safe haven for free thinkers and we've been careful to build a culture where everyone feels comfortable being their complete unfiltered self, sharing their honest thoughts, feelings without ever needing to self-censor. Joining Anima means joining a crew with exceptional talent density, and your crewmates will never let you down.. . We hire talented people who think from first principles and have high growth potential - great decision makers who deserve to have complete autonomy and are forces of nature when empowered with it. Decisions are never made in isolation by the founders. All information is transparently available to the whole team on our Notion - every meeting, decision, success, failure. We have a live Retool dashboard which shows live MRR, linked to Stripe invoices.. . We are deeply collaborative, and through mutual and self-challenge, we converge towards the optimum, and decisively execute. We are united by child-like intellectual curiosity and experiment and wander freely when the right path isn’t clear. We believe all future managers should be formidable individual contributors & domain experts.. . We hire candidates from all over the world. We offer flexibility over work schedule and location.. . We have a good time! We get the whole team together at least twice a year for team retreats, with the last ones in Brittany (France), La Paz (Mexico), Tuscany (Italy), Dominican Republic! . . . . . A few photos from our offsites! . . A note from the co-founder. . Hey! Shun here, I’m the CEO and co-founder of Anima. Our mission is to deliver precision medicine to everyone in the world in under 24 hours. My entire life, I’ve been pulling on a thread that’s affected all of us in some way. Millions die every year because their medical problems aren’t treated quickly enough. Hundreds of millions suffer pain, worry and discomfort needlessly because of long waiting times. I trained as an NHS doctor and quit out of frustration at seeing countless cases of people dying because they got misdiagnosed or didn’t get the right care plan. Seeing the problem space at all abstraction levels, including as a doctor and at the HM Treasury, convinced me that the only way to fix healthcare was to build a ‘Care Enablement’ platform that can automate and abstract away work at the clinic, and effectively 10x'ing the capacity of doctors. Doing so would also be the path to a superhuman personalised medicine agent that could go well beyond humans, crunching tens of thousands of low level features at genome and transcriptome level. At Anima, you’ll help us extend the 3 existing product lines we have, that millions of patients use, and build out new ones at the very cutting edge of healthcare reinforcement learning and agentic AI. Your work will save countless lives. Top 1% growth. 450% business growth in 2024. Cash Flow Positive. $14m+ in ARR. And all with a team of ±20. I won’t write too much here, because I think the metrics speak for themselves and if we get further along the process, we can always discuss it more. Users love our product. The biggest testament to this is that most of our growth comes from virality and referrals.. As one of the standout companies in YC’s W21 batch, we raised $2.5M before Demo Day in just 4 days, led by Hummingbird. In early 2024, we closed an oversubscribed Series A round of $12M, led by Molten Ventures. We’ve been turning down pre-emptive offers of more capital since 2024.. Over the last 18 months, we’ve grown from $1.5m (Q1 2024) to $14.6m cARR (June 2025) and we’ve resolved over 4.3 million patient cases on our platform, including 3.1 million medical problems, and we estimate that Anima has saved over 8600 lives. Anima clinics look after 4 million+ lives, and every day around 20,000 people get care through Anima, growing fast. Why you might love working here Since the beginning, we’ve cultivated a unique hacker culture at Anima with a flat hierarchy. If you look at some of our LinkedIn profiles, you’ll note that the title is often ‘Product at Anima’, which is a more accurate description of what your role will be - it’s much broader than the typical SWE role. We predict that small, killer T-shaped teams will win out over large mediocre ones in the era of agentic AI. We've been purposefully building a 'knights of the round table' where each person has an incredible amount of ownership, autonomy and human impact on saving lives - zero line managers, PMs or EMs, but an intensive focus on coaching and teaching. [In case you’ve seen the show, the best analogy is Firefly and the crew from it. Greatest show ever imo.]. It started with me. I self taught and wrote a lot of the Anima 1.0 code, and Anima’s active learning patent. I first and foremost see myself as an IC and builder, and still build stuff in my spare time. More than 80% of our product team are VPs, ex-technical founders and former CTOs (we do not have titles internally). We also have domain experts, including full-stack clinical engineers: ex-MDs who left established medical careers to join Anima because they recognised the much higher leverage they’d have here.. Almost everyone in Anima (on the engineering and growth team) are at least somewhat technical and very UX focused. This makes for a truly flat hierarchy. Internally, people have described it as a hive mind - there is little semantic error because we all deeply understand the problem, engineering, grading for potential features, and trade-offs. It's reflected in how we operate With the outlier product talent density at Anima, there's a heavy focus on coaching and teaching, with no need for line management. We’re direct and honest about feedback with one another, helping us to grow together.. We've been able to make huge strides in the NHS because we all deeply understand the problem, grading tasks based on our engineering expertise, and real life clinical trade-offs. This deep domain knowledge is ultimately how we integrated with the major electronic health records (EMIS and SystmOne) in just 4 months.. We're relentlessly resourceful. In 18 months, we grew from $1.5m cARR to $14.6m cARR and built an extremely loved enterprise app that users have said 'seems too good to be true'. Anima can take an information complete medical history as good or better than a typical human doctor, and increasingly automates front and back office in a way that would’ve seemed like science fiction a few years ago - for example, Annie (our AI) now deals with a large percentage of documents completely autonomously without a human in the loop.. . Anima is a safe haven for free thinkers and we've been careful to build a culture where everyone feels comfortable being their complete unfiltered self, sharing their honest thoughts, feelings without ever needing to self-censor. Joining Anima means joining a crew with exceptional talent density, and your crewmates will never let you down.. . We hire talented people who think from first principles and have high growth potential - great decision makers who deserve to have complete autonomy and are forces of nature when empowered with it. Decisions are never made in isolation by the founders. All information is transparently available to the whole team on our Notion - every meeting, decision, success, failure. We have a live Retool dashboard which shows live MRR, linked to Stripe invoices.. . We are deeply collaborative, and through mutual and self-challenge, we converge towards the optimum, and decisively execute. We are united by child-like intellectual curiosity and experiment and wander freely when the right path isn’t clear. We believe all future managers should be formidable individual contributors & domain experts.. . We hire candidates from all over the world. We offer flexibility over work schedule and location.. . We have a good time! We get the whole team together at least twice a year for team retreats, with the last ones in Brittany (France), La Paz (Mexico), Tuscany (Italy), Dominican Republic! . . . . . . . . . . . © 2026 Anima Group Inc.. Continuum Health Ltd, trading as Anima Health. Registered in England and Wales, company number 12205370. Registered office: 71-75 Shelton Street, London, Greater London, United Kingdom, WC2H 9JQ. . . . . . Resources. . Blog . . Help centre . . Download . . . About. . Careers . . Contact us . . Privacy policy . . Terms of service . . Accessibility policy . . Cookie policy . . . . . . . . . . © 2026 Anima Group Inc.. Continuum Health Ltd, trading as Anima Health. Registered in England and Wales, company number 12205370. Registered office: 71-75 Shelton Street, London, Greater London, United Kingdom, WC2H 9JQ. . . . . . Resources. . Blog . . Help centre . . Download . . . About. . Careers . . Contact us . . Privacy policy . . Terms of service . . Accessibility policy . . Cookie policy . . . . . . . . . . .