https://www.meticulous.ai/blog/series-a

Meticulous raises $15m to accelerate the pace of software development How it Works Case Studies Blog About Us Careers . Sign In Book a Demo. . . . Sign In Book a Demo. . . . . . . . Back. July 14, 2026. Meticulous raises $15m to accelerate the pace of software development. #. Featured. . . Quentin Spencer-Harper . . . . If you have truly exhaustive testing you can ship extremely fast with AI. If you don’t — or have testing that gives anything less than full confidence — you can’t.. Tests comprehensive enough to unlock such velocity requires:. Extreme scale & robust curation: Truly exhaustive testing requires testing at a scale orders of magnitude beyond traditional testing. Operating functionally at this scale requires a new set of technologies — deterministic browsers for zero noise, fully automated generation and evolution of the test suite, efficient test execution & curation and robust coverage guarantees.. Visibility into the full impact of the change: Determining whether a code change is good to ship requires more than just the absence of failures on pre-defined assertions but rather the ability to quickly understand and visualize the full impact of the change, and from there judge its suitability.. Meticulous solves both these issues without noise, at huge scale, and fully autonomously, making such confidence possible for the first time. The system automatically generates and maintains thousands of flows to cover every edge case across the millions of lines of code in our customer’s codebases - including Dropbox, Notion, Wiz, ElevenLabs and many of the world's leading engineering organizations. It will detect even a single pixel difference in the video streams of any of those flows, and thus test the logic behind them, before any production change is shipped.. "We piloted the tool, were immediately impressed and rolled it out across the entire engineering organization. Meticulous is unlike anything else, developers love it and it is now an essential guardrail of our software development process." - Erdem Alparslan, head of developer experience at Notion.. The summarised data allows engineers, PMs and designers to preview every impact before hitting merge. And it allows agents to iterate on the change prior to pushing it for human review — giving your agents visibility into realistic data over every edge case and the impact of their change upon it.. ‘We’re moving into an era where code generation is relatively inexpensive, but that means code review and the feedback loop become the bottleneck. Meticulous helps us simultaneously move fast and raise the quality bar.’ - Zach Davis, Director of Engineering LaunchDarkly. “Meticulous has built one of the most deeply loved products that I have come across in my eighteen years of investing.” - Ethan, Chemistry. As we move closer and closer to truly exhaustive testing we’ve observed that this allows our customers to move at unprecedented speed. We’re excited to take the platform to the next level to allow another step change in velocity for our customers.. . . . Quentin Spencer-Harper . . Share this. . . . . . . . . What. How it Works Security Docs . who. About Us Blog . Connect. Linkedin Twitter . . . . © 2026 Meticulous. All rights reserved.. Terms Privacy . . . .