https://www.reworkd.ai/blog/reworkd-raises-1-25m

Reworkd Raises $1.25M in Pre-Seed Funding - Reworkd We’ll be sunsetting the product on February 6, 2025. If you have any questions or need support with migration, please reach out to Srijan@reworkd.ai → . . . Reworkd . . Features . Pricing . Blog . Docs . Careers 3 . . Sign Up . . . Features . Pricing . Blog . Docs . Careers 3 . . Sign Up . . . . . ← All Posts . . . . . Jul 18th, 2023 . . Reworkd Raises $1.25M in Pre-Seed Funding. . Asim Shrestha Co-founder at Reworkd. . . . ← All Posts Table of Contents. Our journey . The problem we’re solving . Why choose us? . We’re thrilled to announce our $1.25 Pre-Seed round, led by Panache Ventures & Y Combinator.. Our journey. Our journey began long before we ever started this company. Adam, Srijan, and I all met during high school and college, bonding over our shared passion for technology and open source. We spent countless weekends attending hackathons, and tinkering on various projects together. Eventually this led to the creation of AgentGPT, one of the first available general purpose agent tools.. Only weeks after inception, AgentGPT garnered nearly 25k stars on GitHub, 20k members on Discord, and over 500K users . Though being at the forefront of AI Agents was exhilarating, we quickly realized that a general-purpose agent tool wasn't feasible with today's LLM capabilities.. After months of talking to users, conducting over 20+ daily customer calls, and analyzing millions of queries, we discovered a recurring problem: companies needed an easier way to extract web data at scale. . Model capabilities today open doors to many new product categories previously thought impossible. The only limiting factor for these products: highly specialized and domain specific web data. . With this insight, Reworkd was born.. . . . The problem we’re solving. Many companies we spoke with were allocating substantial engineering resources to build and maintain web data pipelines. This process has historically been extremely manual and resource-intensive.. Engineering teams typically would write specific scripts for each website they were looking to scrape. At the scale of 100s to 1000s of unique sites, this process becomes infeasible to maintain.. Sites frequently change their structure breaking existing code. Data quality is hard to enforce as each site might provide different types of data in different formats. Extracting data might require overcoming challenges like bot detection, proxy management, and infrastructure scaling. Why choose us?. We're building the simplest way to extract web data at scale. We currently offer a fully managed solution which includes:. Automated maintenance : Our LLMs automatically generate and maintain web scraping code. Even if websites change, your data pipelines will not break.. Scalable Infrastructure : We managing headless browsers, proxies, site queueing, bot detection bypass, and much more on your behalf.. Data quality assurance : All code and data outputs are human verified. Any data quality or availability issues will be manually fixed.. If you're interested in extracting web data, book a time here or reach out directly at asim@reworkd.ai.. . . . 550 15th St. San Francisco, CA 94103. . Navigation. Features . Customers . Pricing . Talk to us . We're hiring . . Other. Docs . Blog . Privacy policy . Terms & Conditions . . Social. LinkedIn . GitHub . X (formerly Twitter) . . . . © Reworkd AI, Inc.. All services are operational . .