https://www.sixfold.bio/post/generative-machine-learning-enabled-rna-delivery-receives-ukri-funding

Sixfold . Platform . Team Contact News . . . . . . . News. Generative Machine Learning enabled RNA delivery receives UKRI funding.. . Press Release. Generative Machine Learning enabled RNA delivery receives UKRI funding.. . July 23, 2024. London, UK. . . LONDON, United Kingdom, 23rd July, 2024 — Sixfold Bioscience, a leader in AI-enabled RNA delivery technologies, is excited to announce a UKRI-funded project designed to enhance their sophisticated AI/ML strategies for RNA delivery. The project will be led by David Lines, Sixfold’s computational lead, who has received a prestigious UKRI Future Leaders Fellowship (FLF). During the project, David will be mentored by top experts in the field; Neil Lawrence, Andreas Bender, Jeff Helbling, and Mark van der Wilk.. . RNA holds immense potential, yet its practical applications are restricted because current delivery methods can target only about 1% of the ~500 human cell types. To overcome this, Sixfold has developed computationally encodable delivery structures and automated processes that generate relevant data more rapidly and cost-effectively than competing technologies. This rich data pool allows Sixfold to capitalize on advanced machine learning and generative AI to design more efficient RNA delivery systems, opening up entirely new applications and markets for RNAi therapeutics.. The UKRI FLF-funded project is dedicated to creating innovative drug-delivery systems through advanced machine learning methods, including generative modeling and Bayesian optimization. The project aims to revolutionize the field by exploring the conjugate space to discover novel carrier chemistries that enable access to previously unreachable cell types, leading to the targeted treatment of chronic diseases.. Leading this four-year initiative is machine learning specialist Mr. David Lines, whose prior research on new applications of model uncertainty at the University of Cambridge was supervised by ML pioneers Professor Carl Rasmussen and Dr. Mark van der Wilk. With a rich background that includes contributions to the European Space Agency’s ExoMars Rover and development of machine learning solutions for early cancer detection at Odin Vision (acquired by Olympus), Mr. Lines now heads Sixfold Bioscience’s machine learning team, driving the development of next-generation RNA therapeutics.. Mr. Lines has drawn on his extensive network to assemble a distinguished team of mentors with deep expertise in the fields of generative AI, machine learning and business, including: . Neil Lawrence is the inaugural DeepMind Professor of Machine Learning at the University of Cambridge where he is also the academic lead of AI@Cam (the University’s flagship mission on AI). He is a Senior AI Fellow at the Alan Turing Institute and chair of the Advisory Board for the UK’s Centre for Data Ethics and Innovation. . Jeff Helbling is Vice President at Amazon and previously Technical Assistant to the Amazon CEO, Jeff Bezos, VP of Amazon Kindle and partner at McKinsey&Co.. Andreas Bender is Professor for Molecular Informatics at the University of Cambridge where he develops new life science data analysis methods (AI/ML/data science) for application in drug discovery, chemical biology, and in silico drug safety. He is also the Chief Informatics and Technology Officer (CITO) at Pangea Botanica.. Mark van der Wilk is Associate Professor of Machine Learning at the University of Oxford, specializing in uncovering patterns for broad generalization, developing self-structuring neural architectures, and enhancing environment interaction with minimal risk in fields like chemistry.. For media enquiries please email press@sixfold.bio. About UK Research and Innovation . UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) is the largest public funder of research and innovation in the UK, investing £8 billion annually spanning all disciplines and all sectors. We are nine councils, drawing on our unique breadth and depth of expertise to work with government and other stakeholders to enrich lives, by increasing our understanding of ourselves and the world around us, supporting innovative businesses and public services, and creating high-quality jobs throughout the UK. . About the Future Leaders Fellowship . The UKRI Future Leaders Fellowship is a prestigious program designed to support the development of the next generation of pioneering researchers and innovators across UK universities, businesses, and other research environments. Funded by UK Research and Innovation, the fellowship aims to foster creative and flexible leadership in diverse disciplines, encouraging ambitious projects that may span traditional subject boundaries or involve industrial collaborations. By providing long-term and flexible funding, coupled with tailored mentoring and career development, the program seeks to enable outstanding individuals to establish or advance independent research and innovation careers, tackling some of today's most pressing challenges.. . . About. Sixfold Bioscience is solving one of the most critical challenges preventing the greater utilisation of RNA: delivery. Using advanced AI/ML, automated chemistry and high throughput screening, Sixfold is learning the language that encodes RNA destination and unlocking new cell types for treatment.. . . . Latest news. Press Release. Sixfold Bioscience to Present as Keynote at the 4th Dutch Antisense Therapeutics Symposium. June 12, 2025. Read more . . . Press Release. Open source: The benefits, the drawbacks and the things to consider. March 31, 2025. Read more . . . Press Release. Sixfold Bioscience to Present Two Talks at NextGen Biomed 2025. February 27, 2025. Read more . . . Press Release. Sixfold Bioscience to Present at RNA Therapeutics 2025. February 5, 2025. Read more . . . . . . . Platform Team Contact News . . . . © 2023 Sixfold Bio. All rights reserved.. Terms . Cookies . Privacy . . .