https://substack.com/changelog

Changelog Resources. . Creators. . Explore. . . Start publishing Sign in . . . . Explore. Substack App Discover Featured Substacks around the world . Creators. Switch to Substack Go paid Grow your audience For live video For video For podcasts For bloggers For finance writers For authors For food writers For local news For media founders . Resources. How to start a Substack Going paid guide Resource center Community & programs Help center Brand assets . . . Recent changes. This is a running list of notable product changes happening at Substack. For other announcements and company posts, check out our blog .. . . Product Release 6 years ago . Today, we’re releasing a new and improved Subscribers dashboard that helps you understand and interact with your subscribers in important ways. Read more here: https://blog.substack.com/p/new-better-analytics-for-your-subscribers . . Product Release 6 years ago . We’ve heard from many writers that they’d like more flexibility to customize the appearance of their Substack. Starting today, you’ll see a few new options for theming your newsletter. Read more here: https://blog.substack.com/p/new-publication-themes . . Product Release 6 years ago . Today, we’re introducing new ways to discover writers on our homepage, and the beta version of Substack Reader, a place to keep up with all your newsletters. The homepage revamp includes the introduction of lists that display the top newsletters in various categories, as well as a ‘Featured’ section to highlight writers who might not otherwise appear on those lists. Check out the blog post for more: https://blog.substack.com/p/new-reader-homepage . . . . Join our team. Founded in 2017, Substack is based in San Francisco and backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, Fifty Years, and other great investors. We're building a better business model for writing.. Want to know more? See our jobs page .. . . Discover. Explore Get the app Substack Reader Top podcasts Top in culture Top in food & drink Top in finance Top in sports Top in politics Top in technology Top in faith Top in business Topics . Creators. Switch to Substack Get started Go paid For video For podcasts For bloggers For finance writers For authors For food writers For local news For media founders Substack vs. beehiiv Substack vs. Patreon . Company. About Help Jobs Blog Vulnerability Policy Contact Sitemap . Resources. Resource center Guide to going paid Help center Community and programs Brand assets Features Brand Partnerships . . Substack is the home for great culture. . . . . . © Substack Inc. Privacy Terms Accessibility Collection notice . . . . . . .