https://www.nash.ai/blog

Blog | Nash . Blog. Notes from a system in motion.. Modern logistics never settles. Customer stories, releases, and field reports from the operators running it.. . . . . . . . . Blog posts. At Nash, Everyone Ships . Routes are optimized, but last-mile costs are still rising. Why? . The Autonomic Era of Logistics: What We’re Building at Nash . Equilibrium in Motion: Introducing the New Nash Brand . Nash Recognized as a Representative Vendor in the 2025 Gartner® Market Guide for Last-Mile Delivery Technology . How to Future-Proof a Profitable, Delightful Grocery Delivery Experience . Say Hello to Nash Pick & Deliver: The Smarter Way to Scale First-Party Grocery Delivery . Meet our AI Outbound Agent that calls and resolves delivery issues at scale . The End of Delivery Refund Investigations . Nash x Meat N’ Bone: Premium Meat Delivery, Powered by Shopify . Full-Context Intelligence: The Missing Piece for AI in Logistics . Nash MCP: Turning AI Platforms Into Delivery Operations Centers . Why Adding Pharmacy to Your Grocery Delivery Network Just Makes Sense . Meet our New Tracking Experience: From Status Updates to Customer Control . AI Is Reshaping Ecommerce. Faster, Reliable Delivery is the Key to Staying Visible. . Introducing AI Powered Customer Experience Reports . How True Glory Hair Increased Sales and Simplified Fulfillment with Nash . Nash x The Very Best Cookie: Warm Cookie Delivery Made Simple and Scalable . Nash x Pink Dot: Fast, Reliable Delivery at Scale . How to Solve Last-Mile Delivery Challenges with Smart Logistics Automations . Founders' Note: Expanding Global Reach with Kosmo and Building the Future of Logistics Infrastructure . Founders' Note: Why We Built Nash AI . Build vs. Buy: Strategic Considerations for Last-Mile Delivery Optimization . Scaling for Success: Last-Mile Capacity Strategies for Peak Season . Building a Dynamic Last-Mile Strategy: Optimizing Internal and External Fleets for 2025 . Tackling First-Party Restaurant Delivery: A Look at the Chowly + Nash Partnership . How to Improve Grocery Delivery Logistics in 2024: An Operator's Guide . Holiday Corporate Catering: A Strategic Guide to Mastering the Busy Season . The Shopify Merchant's Guide to Promoting Your Local Delivery Service [+ Free Templates] . The Ultimate Guide to Understanding the Costs of Catering (+ Download our FREE P&L Template) . How Nash Helped Sticky Rice Slash Costs by 60%, Boost Sales, and Nail Deliveries . 5 Essential Reasons Why Pharmacies Should Offer Local Delivery . How to Build a Top-Performing Catering Sales Team . The 5 Most Common Types of Local Delivery Apps for Shopify Merchants: How to Choose the Right Solution for Your Store . The 4 Steps to Building a Successful Catering Brand & Marketing Program . Hyperbatching: How Smart Routing and Multi-Dropoff Techniques Can Transform Delivery Logistics . Expert Strategies for Growing Catering Sales & Attracting New Clients in 2023 . How to Boost Efficiency with Hybrid Delivery Orchestration . The Expert’s Guide to Successful Off-Premises Catering . Navigating the Complexities of Third-Party Catering Delivery (+Free Delivery Assignment Tool) . From Challenge to Opportunity: A Restaurant Operator's Guide to Last-Minute Catering . How Chowbus Boosts Operational Efficiency by 400% with Nash . From the Kitchen to Your Doorstep: The Appeal of Delivery-Only Restaurants . How Last-Mile Delivery Software Transforms Your Delivery Operations . How Last-Mile Delivery Tracking Enables Efficient and Reliable Deliveries . How Nash Boosted Roti’s Delivery Success by 15% and Drives Focus on Growth . vegetable + butcher Delivers Over $750k in Meal Kits and Reaches New Locations with Nash . 3 Key Takeaways from Food on Demand 2023 . How Bi-Rite Family of Businesses Reaches 99.9% Catering Delivery Success and Expands to New Locations with Nash . Delivering the Future: Insights from the Curbivore Conference . How Felipe's Taqueria transformed their catering deliveries with Nash in 3 months . 4 Ways Flexible Delivery Can Boost Business During the Holiday Rush . Nash raises $27.8M in total funding to power reliable, local delivery for businesses . Nash named Inaugural Recipient of the Ron Conway Economic Empowerment Award .