https://www.kernalbio.com/careers

Careers | Kernal Biologics Science . Pipeline . Partnerships . About . News & Media . Careers . Twitter . LinkedIn . hello@kernalbio.com Careers. . . . We are driven by passion and fueled by science . Join us on our journey of making a difference in the future of disease treatment . . . About Kernal Bio . At Kernal Bio, we engineer human cells inside the body using selective mRNA-LNP technology to treat cancer and autoimmune diseases. Our AI-designed mRNAs, delivered via antibody-decorated lipid nanoparticles (LNPs), ensure precise targeting and minimize off-target effects. Our KR-402 program focuses on hematological malignancies and autoimmune disorders, achieving >90% in vivo delivery efficiency with T-cell-targeted LNPs. The KR-335 program, targeting solid tumors resistant to standard immunotherapies, shows a 100x therapeutic index with strong efficacy and tolerability in preclinical models, including mice and non-human primates. With roots at MIT, Harvard, Merck, and BMS, our management team has spearheaded the development of three FDA-approved therapies and holds over 120 patents. Based in Cambridge, MA, and backed by Hummingbird Ventures, Amgen Ventures, and NASA, Kernal Bio is revolutionizing mRNA therapeutics by leveraging AI to deliver precision treatments within the body.. . . Benefits . & Perks . Highly competitive healthcare coverage. Highly Competitive 401k. Flexible Spending Account. Paid parental leave, family caregiver leave, medical leave. Paid insurance coverage. Competitive vacation and sick days per year. On-site subsidized cafeteria. Free monthly subway pass, or a subsidized commuter rail pass. Subsidized on-site gym membership. Free Bluebikes Membership . . . Kernal is dedicated to providing a diverse work environment and is committed to equal employment opportunities for all its employees and qualified applicants. We do not discriminate in employment practices for reasons of race, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, religion, disability, or any other legally protected status. Kernal will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities by applicable law.. . . . . 2026 © Kernal Biologics Inc. 15 Necco St, Boston, MA 02210 . Science . Pipeline . Partnering . Team . News . Careers . 2026 © Kernal Biologics Inc. 15 Necco St, Boston, MA 02210 .