https://www.ticketfairy.com/press/ticket-fairy-announces-major-financing-expansion-and-upgraded-event-technology-for-promoters

​​Ticket Fairy Announces Major Financing Expansion and Upgraded Event Technology for Promoters - Ticket Fairy Press . Press . . Ticket Fairy Platform Ticket Fairy Features . Festival Ticketing Features . Event Operating System . Developers . Create your event now . . . . . Ticket Fairy Platform Ticket Fairy Features . Festival Ticketing Features . Event Operating System . Developers . Create your event now . . Get industry insights. Subscribe . . . . . Create Event . Create Event Book Demo . . . Get industry insights Subscribe . . . . to avoid backdrop-filter containing block --> . . . View all results → . . . Searching… . . . . . . Home . Press . ​​Ticket Fairy Announces Major Financing Expansion and Upgraded Event Technology for Promoters . . December 11, 2025 ​​Ticket Fairy Announces Major Financing Expansion and Upgraded Event Technology for Promoters . . . Ticket Fairy expands global financing, unlocking funding of up to £5M in the UK, €3M across Europe and $3M in the US, for venues, festivals and events promoters . . Ticket Fairy has announced a significant expansion of its global financing capabilities that will unlock unprecedented growth opportunities for event promoters, festivals and venues across the UK, Europe and the United States. . Through its credit partners, Ticket Fairy can now provide funding to festivals, events and venues of up to £5 million per client in the UK, up to €3 million per client in Spain, Netherlands, Belgium and Ireland, and up to $3 million per client in the United States. . In addition to this pool of hundreds of millions available for deployment across its lending programs, Ticket Fairy also launches a new Revolving Line of Credit offering in the US, providing up to $100,000 per client, operating like a credit card with flexible cash access based on previous revenue. . This funding empowers promoters to cover upfront expenses, scale festivals, invest in marketing, and super-charge their events, all backed by the most advanced ticketing and event management technology on the market. . Ticket Fairy is an end-to-end ticketing, marketing and event management platform used by promoters worldwide, from boutique venues to large multi-day festivals. Designed by event creators, for event creators, Ticket Fairy’s goal is simple: help events sell more tickets faster, access best-in-class marketing tools, and operate with precision and efficiency. It gives Fortune 500-level marketing, technological and operational power - and now also financial backing - to event creators of all sizes. . Ticket Fairy combines ticketing, marketing, CRM, analytics, and operational tools into one unified platform, removing the need for multiple vendors and dramatically improving event profitability. Key platform features include funding and cashflow with advances up to £5m based on historic ticket sales, daily payouts via Stripe for instant liquidity, customer payment plan options to boost conversions, first-of-its-kind referral system that turns attendees into promoters, integrated Meta Conversions API and advanced ad tracking, plus a full festival management suite, reserved seating, accreditation, guest lists and multi-day passes, as well as a wealth of analytics and insights. . Ticket Fairy operates with fully transparent, competitive, all-inclusive fees added to the ticket price so organisers receive 100% of the face value. Ticketing fees scale down for higher-priced tickets, going as low as 5% for premium ticket tiers. . Ritesh Patel and Jigar Patel, co-CEO of Ticket Fairy says "The events industry has always been a tough place to survive, but for many it's now harder than ever. With a behavioural shift to last minute ticket purchases, promoters and venues have tighter working capital and cashflow to pay artist deposits and other upfront expenses.” . . Jigar Patel co-CEO of Ticket Fairy adds “Capital opens the door to hundreds of millions in financial support for event creators at a time when banks and traditional lenders close theirs. Paired with an industry-leading platform for increasing revenue and engagement, and streamlining operations, events now have the all-in-one solution that simply never existed before." . The platform is already proven globally with over $300 million in tickets sold for world-leading events, including TwitchCon, Mayan Warrior, Papaya Playa Project, Monstercat and many more. . . Learn more at:. https://www.ticketfairy.com/capital . . Disclaimer: Ticket Fairy is not a direct lender and does not make credit decisions. Ticket Fairy acts solely as a technology provider, connecting event businesses with third-party lending partners. All funding decisions, terms, and conditions are determined by the respective lending partners. . . Back to Press . . . . . Quick Links. About . Blog . Guides . Event templates . What's new . Free Tools . TFword . . More. Event Ticketing . Festival Ticketing Software . Sell Tickets with Stripe . Event Registration Platform . Music Ticketing Software . Help . . Legal. Privacy Policy . Refund Policy . Resale Policy . Terms of Services . Terms of Sale . . Follow us. . . . ©2026 The Ticket Fairy, Inc. All Rights Reserved.. . . . . × . . .