https://www.aurelian.com/blog/series-a

Aurelian . . . Join public safety leaders from the Greater Bay Area on November 3rd. Register for the Bay Area Public Safety Symposium →. . . . . Solutions . . Customers Resources . . About Careers . Login Get a Demo . . . . Home | Blog | Aurelian Raises $14M Series A to Ease 911 Dispatcher Workloads with AI . Aurelian Raises $14M Series A to Ease 911 Dispatcher Workloads with AI. AI-powered voice assistant now handles 74% of non-emergency calls without dispatcher involvement. . . . Press Release. SEATTLE--( BUSINESS WIRE )--Aurelian, an AI company that automates non-emergency calls for 911 centers, announced today a $14 million Series A round. The investment was led by NEA, with participation from existing investors Y Combinator, FUSE, Liquid 2, and Palm Drive Capital. Aurelian will use the funding to help serve more emergency communications centers (ECCs) across the US.. As ECCs across the U.S. face mounting pressure from staffing shortages and high non-emergency call volume, Aurelian offers a solution purpose-built for public safety. Its AI assistant triages and resolves non-emergency calls, like noise complaints, parking violations, or general inquiries, without involving a dispatcher.. “911 is in a crisis: severe understaffing and ever-expanding responsibilities have made ECCs overextended and overworked. At Aurelian, our sole purpose is to help them best serve their communities,” says CEO and cofounder Max Keenan. “911 call-takers are trained to handle emergencies, not parking complaints. Aurelian reduces burnout and helps telecommunicators stay focused on the most critical situations.”. After launching in May of 2024, Aurelian’s system was deployed to communication centers across the United States and now serves nearly 5 million Americans. Among current customers, Aurelian’s system automates an average of 74% of non-emergency calls, saving each dispatcher an average of three hours per day.. “We’re proud to support Aurelian’s mission to empower Emergency Communication Centers and their dispatchers to keep our communities safe,” said Mustafa Neemuchwala, Partner at NEA. “What excites us most is the passion that Max, James, and the Aurelian team bring to public safety. In a year, they’ve earned the trust and respect of ECCs across the United States and are already serving millions of people.”. Aurelian’s AI platform supports over 35 languages via voice, SMS, and web chat, allowing ECCs to more effectively reach communities that are typically underserved.. About Aurelian . Aurelian is the AI voice assistant built for public safety. The platform helps 911 centers offload non-emergency call volume and reduce dispatcher burnout. Headquartered in Seattle, Aurelian supports PSAPs across the United States. For more information, visit www.aurelian.com .. About NEA . New Enterprise Associates, Inc. (NEA) is a global venture capital firm focused on helping entrepreneurs build transformational businesses across multiple stages, sectors and geographies. Founded in 1977, NEA has more than $27 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2024, and invests in technology and healthcare companies at all stages in a company’s lifecycle, from seed stage through IPO. The firm’s long track record of investing includes more than 280 portfolio company IPOs and more than 470 mergers and acquisitions. For more information, please visit www.nea.com .. . Contacts. Aurelian: Peter Purcell, contact@aurelian.com . NEA: Erica Sunkin, esunkin@nea.com . . . . . . . . . Aurelian builds purpose-built technology for PSAPs, making every call better for telecommunicators and the communities they serve.. . . . . Solutions. . AVA . CORA . Customer Success . Company. . About . Careers . Contact . Resources. . News . FAQ . Customers . . © 2026 Aurelian | . Privacy . . .