https://www.happyrobot.ai/blog/series-a-announcement

HappyRobot Raises $15.6M Series A Led to Scale AI Workers . . . Platform Solutions Customers Newsroom Careers . Book a demo . Book a demo . . Platform overview → Agents The core of the platform. Agentic tools Voice AI Workflow logic . . Governance Evaluating agent behavior. Northstars Adversarial agents Audits & tests . . Context What agents generate & learn from. Integrations Agentic data . . Interfaces How humans interact with agents. . . Security & reliability → . Developer tools → . . . . . By industry. Logistics Utilities Airlines Finance Insurance Manufacturing Retail Telecom . . By function. Customer support Sales Finance Operations HR & recruiting . . . Solutions. Built for the real economy . AI workers deployed into the operations that move goods, keep the lights on, and settle transactions — across eight industries.. . . . . Platform Platform overview → . Agents The core of the platform. Agentic tools Voice AI Workflow logic . . Governance Evaluating agent behavior. Northstars Adversarial agents Audits & tests . . Context What agents generate & learn from. Integrations Agentic data . . Interfaces How humans interact with agents. . Security & reliability → . Developer tools → . . . . . Solutions By industry. Logistics Utilities Airlines Finance Insurance Manufacturing Retail Telecom . . By function. Customer support Sales Finance Operations HR & recruiting . . Built for the real economy . . . . Customers . Newsroom . Careers . . . . . . . . Home . /. Blog . /. Series A Announcement. Series A Announcement. . We’re excited to announce our $15.6M Series A round led by Andreesen Horowitz (a16z), with support from RyderVentures and other strategic investors.. . Carlos Becker. Deployment Lead. . . Updated Sep 22, 2026 4 min read . . . . We’re excited to announce our $15.6M Series A round led by Andreesen Horowitz (a16z), with support from RyderVentures and other strategic investors.. This brings our total amount raised to $17.5M, with previous seed funding from Array Ventures and Y Combinator, and supports our mission to automate communication across the supply chain.. Our Why. We started this journey because of Javi’s (Co-founder & COO) experience on the shipper side, paying fines to retailers for falling short on their OTIF scorecards. He knew the problem stemmed from communication gaps along the journey of the load.. Pablo (Co-founder & CEO) & Luis (Co-founder & CTO) had extensive experience in AI research and were eager to apply recent breakthroughs in voice AI technology.. With Javi's insights, and our understanding that phone calls are at the heart of communication in logistics, we have a clear understanding of the problem & are passionate about solving it.. Communication in logistics quickly becomes overwhelming, especially when there aren’t enough hands to pick up every phone call or stay on top of every load. We're eager to tackle this challenge for an industry that's so critical to our global economy, a sentiment shared by our partners at a16z.. “Today, the logistics industry underpinning our global economy is stretched. As a key part of the ecosystem, even small to midsize freight brokers can make and receive hundreds, if not thousands, of calls per day – and hiring for this job is increasingly difficult,” said Anish Acharya, general partner at a16z. “By providing customers with autonomous decision making, HappyRobot’s agentic AI platform helps these brokers operate more reliably and efficiently.”. Where we are today. It’s been a year since we started building HappyRobot, and we’re now working with over 50 customers, automating millions of phone calls.. Our platform deploys AI agents—what we like to call AI workers—that can handle conversations and take action on their own. Unlike the more rigid RPA systems of the past, our AI workers are dynamic, reacting to conversations as they unfold while always keeping the end goal in mind.. Our AI workers fully integrate with existing systems and do more than just read information—they log offers, load details, and critical updates. Everything is recorded and can be leveraged for future use.. Starting with the complex communication needs of freight brokers, our AI workers are often automating inbound and outbound carrier sales, various check calls, and POD collections. Today, we're helping brokers, carriers, freight forwarders, warehouses, and others across the supply chain boost efficiency, improve margins, and free up human teams from repetitive tasks, allowing them to focus on more strategic work.. Our customers are seeing tremendous value in implementing HappyRobot, reducing call times by half and cutting operational costs by a third. “By August, we’d completed over 100,000 AI-driven calls using HappyRobot and expect to do ten times that amount next year,” said Andrew Smith, SVP at Circle Logistics. “Using HappyRobot’s agentic AI, 100% of calls were answered 24/7 with no hold time and our staff are using phones to do higher value work like build relationships rather than just to exchange data.”. What’s next. We’re still all in on the supply chain. While there are plenty of general voice AI applications out there, we believe the real impact comes from applying AI to specific industries. The supply chain, in particular, has so many unique details in every conversation that broad, general-purpose AI tools just don’t address. We’re focused on getting those nuances right to make a real difference.. We’re continuing to expand into additional communication platforms, including email and messaging, and we’ve got a new platform launching soon. This one takes things up a notch with more complex workflows—our AI can even put people on hold while sending messages or making other calls. Plus, it remembers past conversations, providing more context to personalize calls.. We’ll be using the funds from this round to continue supporting our incredible customers and partners by bringing on talented people to join our team. We're on the lookout for folks who can help us build best in class technology while delivering excellent service.. Grateful for another day building the future with the best team in the game. Now, back to work!!. . Carlos Becker. Deployment Lead. . . . . . . . Enterprise AI strategy , Press releases. . Manifesto . . Our manifesto is the belief that true transformation begins when machines don’t just analyze, but act.. . . . . . Company news , Press releases. . Series B Announcement . . HappyRobot secures $44M in Series B funding to expand its AI operating system for logistics and industrial enterprises.. . . . . . . . . . Product. Platform overview Agents Context Governance Interfaces Security & reliability Developer tools . . Company. Blog Customers Newsroom Hub Careers Media Kit . . Connect. Book a demo Contact LinkedIn X Newsletter . . Achieving Enterprise Superintelligence.. The AI operating system for the real economy.. . Terms & Policies. Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie policy Consent Preferences . . . . . © 2026 HappyRobot, Inc.. SOC 2 ISO 27001 GDPR HIPAA EU AI ACT NIST CSF DORA English ▼ . . . . .