https://www.zeroentropy.dev/articles/zemail/

Zemail: Semantic Gmail Search on Claude Code & Cowork — ZeroEntropy Blog . Products Rerankers zerank-2 · zerank-2-small · zerank-2-nano Embeddings zembed-1 Custom Models context compression · query rewriting · fine-tuning Enterprise on-prem · dedicated · SLA . . . Solutions Legal Manufacturing Healthcare Finance Customer Support E-Commerce . . . Developers Documentation Slack Community Discord . . . Resources Blog Engineering posts, releases, and field notes. Concepts Reference catalog of retrieval + LLM primitives. Playbooks Named failure modes with diagnostics and fixes. Versus Head-to-head against every major competitor. Evals How we benchmark in production conditions. . . Latest from the blog. . ZeroEntropy Joins Notion . ZeroEntropy Migration Guide . Matryoshka Is Dead: Why MRL Isn't Lossless for zembed-1 . Zemail: Semantic Gmail Search on Claude Code & Cowork . AutoOptimize: Why Your Embedding Model Is the Bottleneck in Agentic AI . . . . Pricing . Log in Start Now . Products Rerankers zerank-2 · zerank-2-small · zerank-2-nano Embeddings zembed-1 Custom Models context compression · query rewriting · fine-tuning Enterprise on-prem · dedicated · SLA . . . Solutions Legal Manufacturing Healthcare Finance Customer Support E-Commerce . . . Developers Documentation Slack Community Discord . . . Blog . . ZeroEntropy Joins Notion . ZeroEntropy Migration Guide . Matryoshka Is Dead: Why MRL Isn't Lossless for zembed-1 . Zemail: Semantic Gmail Search on Claude Code & Cowork . AutoOptimize: Why Your Embedding Model Is the Bottleneck in Agentic AI . Reranking Reddit: What Happens When You Sort Comments by Relevance Instead of Karma . harrier-27b: Can 27B Parameters Beat zembed-1? . Smarter Context Compression for LLM Pipelines: zerank-2 as a Calibrated Classifier . Beyond Binary: A New Version of the MTEB . zembed-1 vs voyage-4: Our Embedding Model Wins on Retrieval . "Let's eat, grandma" vs "let's eat grandma": how embedding models encode the world . Introducing zembed-1: The World's Best Text-Embedding Model . How Assembled Powers High-Quality AI Customer Support with ZeroEntropy . Prompting Best Practices For Instruction-Following Rerankers . Open-source alternatives to Cohere Rerank in 2026 . Latency Performance Assessment of zerank-2 . Introducing zerank-2: The Most Accurate Multilingual Instruction-Following Reranker . The Latency Myth: Why Reranking Is Still the Smartest Optimization You Can Make . Context Engineering Webinar: Everything You Missed . How Vera Health Achieved State-of-the-Art Clinical Accuracy Using ZeroEntropy . Equall Improves Legal Document Structuring and Retrieval Accuracy with ZeroEntropy . Implementing ZeroEntropy Reranking with turbopuffer Retrieval . Paper TLDR: How we trained zerank-1 with the zELO method . Mem0 Improves Memory Retrieval Accuracy with ZeroEntropy . On The Geometric Limit of Dense Single Vector Embeddings . Should You Use LLMs for Reranking? A Deep Dive into Pointwise, Listwise, and Cross-Encoders . My AskAI Improves Support Agent Latency and Accuracy with ZeroEntropy . Announcing ZeroEntropy's First Rerankers: zerank-1 and zerank-1-small . ZeroEntropy Raises $4.2M Seed Round to Make AI Retrieval Truly Intelligent . Improving Retrieval with ELO Scores . What is a reranker and do I need one? . Deep Dive: The Architecture of ZeroEntropy v1 . AGI requires better retrieval, not just better LLMs . LlamaChunk: A General and Cost Efficient Approach to Semantic Chunking . LegalBench-RAG, the First Open-Source Retrieval Benchmark for the Legal Domain . . . Pricing Evals Sign in . . . . . Back . Zemail: Semantic Gmail Search on Claude Code & Cowork. Apr 15, 2026 · . . . Author . Alexander Rocha Founding Engineer . . Table of contents Zemail . Semantic Gmail Search for Claude Code . The Emails Gmail Can’t Find . How It Works . Scope and Data . Install . Why We Built This . . Author . Alexander Rocha Founding Engineer . . . Table of content Zemail . Semantic Gmail Search for Claude Code . The Emails Gmail Can’t Find . How It Works . Scope and Data . Install . Why We Built This . . TL;DR . Zemail is a free, open-source Claude Code plugin that gives Claude semantic search over your Gmail inbox.. Gmail search is keyword-matched. Claude’s default Gmail connector is keyword-matched, paginated, and usually gives up before finding what you meant.. Zemail embeds your inbox locally with zembed-1 and reranks with zerank-2 . The index lives on your machine, not ours.. Install: /plugin marketplace add zeroentropy-ai/claude-plugins → /plugin install zemail@zeroentropy . Source: github.com/zeroentropy-ai/zemail . . . Zemail. Semantic Gmail Search for Claude Code. Gmail’s search box is older than many of its users, and that is reflected in the efficacy of its search. It matches keywords. If the email you’re thinking of doesn’t contain the exact word you typed, then as far as Gmail is concerned, it simply does not exist.. . Claude’s built-in Gmail connector inherits this. Ask Claude to find an email, and it issues a keyword query, reads the first page of results, shrugs, and tells you it couldn’t find anything. The email is there; it just doesn’t share any vocabulary with the question you asked.. Your inbox is a retrieval problem, and Gmail’s keyword search is a retrieval system from 2004. . . . Zemail is a Claude Code plugin that solves this problem. Embed every email, cosine-search by meaning, rerank the top candidates, hand the ten best to Claude. The same two-stage pipeline every serious RAG system converges on, pointed at your own mailbox.. The Emails Gmail Can’t Find. Real Queries, Real Failures . “the refund email from the airline about the cancelled flight last spring” — the actual subject line is Your booking PQR-48X2 has been updated . The word refund appears nowhere.. “the Stripe receipt for the domain I bought” — Stripe calls it a payment , the registrar calls it an order , the word domain is in the body of neither.. “who was the dentist my dad recommended” — your dad’s email said “you should see Dr. Chen” . It did not say dentist .. “that newsletter with the sourdough recipe” — the issue is titled Issue #47: Spring Breads . Sourdough is one ingredient among six.. Any query against an inbox that mixes languages. Gmail’s tokenizer does not know that facture and invoice are the same word.. . . None of these examples are exotic. They’re the median thing you actually want to find in your own email, and Gmail loses every one of them. A keyword index cannot match concepts; the model on the other side of a keyword index cannot find what the index didn’t return.. How It Works. Zemail is a local MCP server that Claude Code runs as a plugin. When Claude needs to search your email, it calls Zemail instead of Gmail’s keyword search.. . Sync. Zemail pulls messages through the Gmail API (read-only, incremental), sends each subject + body to zembed-1 , and writes the returned vectors to a float32 file on your disk. First sync takes a few minutes; subsequent syncs only process new mail.. . . . Query. Claude asks a natural-language question. Zemail embeds the query, runs brute-force cosine similarity over the in-memory matrix, and takes the top 50 candidates. Even a few hundred thousand 2560-dim vectors is a couple hundred milliseconds on a laptop.. . . . Rerank. The top 50 go to zerank-2 , which actually reads the query against each document and returns a calibrated relevance score . The top 10 come back to Claude, which can call get_email on any ID to pull the full body.. . . . Why Two Stages . Embedding search is fast but approximate. Cross-encoder rerankers are precise but quadratic in candidate count. Doing both — recall 50, rerank 50, return 10 — gets you cross-encoder accuracy at vector-search latency. It’s the same architecture every production RAG system lands on. Zemail just points it at your mailbox.. . The tools Zemail hands Claude:. Tool Purpose . sync_emails Fetch from Gmail, embed, write the local index. . search_emails_tool Embed the query, cosine top-50, rerank with zerank-2, return top 10. . get_email Fetch the full body of a message by ID. . index_status Report index size and last sync time. . authorize_gmail Paste-in OAuth flow for SSH / headless setups. . Claude decides when to call each; you just ask questions.. Scope and Data. Zemail requests a single Gmail scope, gmail.readonly , which is the minimum required to read message bodies for indexing. Claude away with ease of mind: Zemail can’t send, edit, or delete any of your emails.. Your OAuth token, message metadata, and embedding index are stored locally in ~/.zemail/ . Email text is sent to the ZeroEntropy embedding and rerank APIs only as part of each request, and is not retained. All your search happens locally and securely. Source: github.com/zeroentropy-ai/zemail .. Install. . Add the marketplace. In Claude Code:. /plugin marketplace add zeroentropy-ai/claude-plugins /plugin install zemail@zeroentropy Claude will prompt for a ZeroEntropy API key at install. Paste a key from dashboard.zeroentropy.dev/api-keys — free, no credit card, keys start with ze- .. . . . Authorize Gmail. The first time Claude uses Zemail, it’ll print a Google OAuth URL. Open it, pick your account, approve the read-only scope, paste the code back. The refresh token is saved locally so you only do this once.. . . . Sync and ask. Tell Claude to run sync_emails . Once the index is built, ask: “find the airline refund from last spring” , “who did my dad recommend for a dentist” , “pull the Stripe receipt for that domain” . Claude calls search_emails_tool , reads the top few hits, and answers.. . . . Why We Built This. We train the best embedding and reranker models available, and the hardest part of trying them on your own data is usually the plumbing. Zemail is a way to skip the plumbing. Install a plugin, authorize a scope, watch a two-stage retrieval pipeline find the email you gave up on finding a year ago.. If it works on your inbox, it will work on your company’s documents.. Get Zemail . . Free, open-source, and runs locally. The ZeroEntropy API key is free too. . → GitHub Source code and installation docs → Plugin Marketplace ZeroEntropy’s Claude Code plugins → Free API Key Sign up, grab a ze- key → Discord Tell us what it surfaced in your inbox . Install in Claude Code:. /plugin marketplace add zeroentropy-ai/claude-plugins /plugin install zemail@zeroentropy Models : zembed-1 · zerank-2 · evals . . . . . . Author . Alexander Rocha Founding Engineer . . section+section]:border-t [&>section+section]:border-black/[0.08] xl:max-h-full xl:overflow-y-auto [&::-webkit-scrollbar]:w-1 [&::-webkit-scrollbar-track]:rounded-full [&::-webkit-scrollbar-track]:bg-black/5 [&::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb]:rounded-full [&::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb]:bg-black/15" data-astro-cid-ghjyy5jg> Table of contents Zemail . Semantic Gmail Search for Claude Code . The Emails Gmail Can’t Find . How It Works . Scope and Data . Install . Why We Built This . . . . . Related Blogs. Catch all the latest releases and updates from ZeroEntropy.. . . Jul 24, 2026 ZeroEntropy Joins Notion. ZeroEntropy has been acquired by Notion. All of our models are now open-source under Apache 2.0, and our products remain fully supported until September 4th, 2026.. . . Jul 24, 2026 ZeroEntropy Migration Guide. How to migrate an application off the ZeroEntropy API onto a self-managed stack — covering rerank/embed models, zSearch, OCR, and data backfill.. . . Apr 21, 2026 Matryoshka Is Dead: Why MRL Isn't Lossless for zembed-1. MRL is widely believed to be lossless. When we trained an MRL variant of zembed-1 and measured it against evals built from real-world retrieval traffic, the loss was there. Here's what we shipped instead, and the code to use it.. . . . . . . The best AI teams build with ZeroEntropy models. Book Demo View docs . . Follow us on . . . . . Product Rerankers . Embeddings . Custom Models . Pricing . Evals . . Solutions Legal . Healthcare . Finance . Customer Support . E-Commerce . Manufacturing . . Resources Docs . Blog . Concepts . Playbooks . Versus . News . Careers . Contact . FAQ . . Featured Ultimate guide to choosing the best reranking model . What is a reranker and do I need one? . How Vera Health achieved state-of-the-art clinical accuracy . . . Copyright © 2026 ZeroEntropy. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Trust . . . . .