https://www.zeroentropy.dev/articles/best-embedding-for-finance/

The Best Embedding Model for Finance in 2026: Why zembed-1 Wins — ZeroEntropy Blog . Products Rerankers zerank-2 · zerank-2-small · zerank-2-nano Embeddings zembed-1 Custom Models context compression · query rewriting · fine-tuning Enterprise on-prem · dedicated · SLA . . . Solutions Legal Manufacturing Healthcare Finance Customer Support E-Commerce . . . Developers Documentation Slack Community Discord . . . Resources Blog Engineering posts, releases, and field notes. Concepts Reference catalog of retrieval + LLM primitives. Playbooks Named failure modes with diagnostics and fixes. Versus Head-to-head against every major competitor. Evals How we benchmark in production conditions. . . Latest from the blog. . ZeroEntropy Joins Notion . ZeroEntropy Migration Guide . Matryoshka Is Dead: Why MRL Isn't Lossless for zembed-1 . Zemail: Semantic Gmail Search on Claude Code & Cowork . AutoOptimize: Why Your Embedding Model Is the Bottleneck in Agentic AI . . . . Pricing . Log in Start Now . Products Rerankers zerank-2 · zerank-2-small · zerank-2-nano Embeddings zembed-1 Custom Models context compression · query rewriting · fine-tuning Enterprise on-prem · dedicated · SLA . . . Solutions Legal Manufacturing Healthcare Finance Customer Support E-Commerce . . . Developers Documentation Slack Community Discord . . . Blog . . ZeroEntropy Joins Notion . ZeroEntropy Migration Guide . Matryoshka Is Dead: Why MRL Isn't Lossless for zembed-1 . Zemail: Semantic Gmail Search on Claude Code & Cowork . AutoOptimize: Why Your Embedding Model Is the Bottleneck in Agentic AI . Reranking Reddit: What Happens When You Sort Comments by Relevance Instead of Karma . harrier-27b: Can 27B Parameters Beat zembed-1? . Smarter Context Compression for LLM Pipelines: zerank-2 as a Calibrated Classifier . Beyond Binary: A New Version of the MTEB . zembed-1 vs voyage-4: Our Embedding Model Wins on Retrieval . "Let's eat, grandma" vs "let's eat grandma": how embedding models encode the world . Introducing zembed-1: The World's Best Text-Embedding Model . How Assembled Powers High-Quality AI Customer Support with ZeroEntropy . Prompting Best Practices For Instruction-Following Rerankers . Open-source alternatives to Cohere Rerank in 2026 . Latency Performance Assessment of zerank-2 . Introducing zerank-2: The Most Accurate Multilingual Instruction-Following Reranker . The Latency Myth: Why Reranking Is Still the Smartest Optimization You Can Make . Context Engineering Webinar: Everything You Missed . How Vera Health Achieved State-of-the-Art Clinical Accuracy Using ZeroEntropy . Equall Improves Legal Document Structuring and Retrieval Accuracy with ZeroEntropy . Implementing ZeroEntropy Reranking with turbopuffer Retrieval . Paper TLDR: How we trained zerank-1 with the zELO method . Mem0 Improves Memory Retrieval Accuracy with ZeroEntropy . On The Geometric Limit of Dense Single Vector Embeddings . Should You Use LLMs for Reranking? A Deep Dive into Pointwise, Listwise, and Cross-Encoders . My AskAI Improves Support Agent Latency and Accuracy with ZeroEntropy . Announcing ZeroEntropy's First Rerankers: zerank-1 and zerank-1-small . ZeroEntropy Raises $4.2M Seed Round to Make AI Retrieval Truly Intelligent . Improving Retrieval with ELO Scores . What is a reranker and do I need one? . Deep Dive: The Architecture of ZeroEntropy v1 . AGI requires better retrieval, not just better LLMs . LlamaChunk: A General and Cost Efficient Approach to Semantic Chunking . LegalBench-RAG, the First Open-Source Retrieval Benchmark for the Legal Domain . . . Pricing Evals Sign in . . . . . Back . The Best Embedding Model for Finance in 2026: Why zembed-1 Wins. Apr 10, 2026 · . . . Table of contents The Best Embedding Model for Finance . Why Finance Is Uniquely Hard for Embedding Models . The Benchmark Numbers . What’s Behind the Lead . zELO Training Methodology . 32k Token Context Window . Flexible Compression for Large Corpora . Real-World Use Cases Where zembed-1 Excels in Finance . What Finance Practitioners Are Saying . Getting Started with zembed-1 for Finance . The Bottom Line . . Table of content The Best Embedding Model for Finance . Why Finance Is Uniquely Hard for Embedding Models . The Benchmark Numbers . What’s Behind the Lead . zELO Training Methodology . 32k Token Context Window . Flexible Compression for Large Corpora . Real-World Use Cases Where zembed-1 Excels in Finance . What Finance Practitioners Are Saying . Getting Started with zembed-1 for Finance . The Bottom Line . . TL;DR . zembed-1 achieves 0.4476 NDCG@10 on finance benchmarks, outperforming voyage-4-nano by +5.8% and OpenAI by +36%. Elo-calibrated relevance ranking (zELO) captures the nuanced spectrum of financial document relevance. 32,768-token context window handles full SEC filings, credit agreements, and regulatory documents without chunking. Flexible quantization (float32, int8, binary) compresses vector storage by up to 32x for large financial corpora. Available open-weight on HuggingFace and via the ZeroEntropy commercial API. . . The Best Embedding Model for Finance. If you work in financial services and you’re building anything with AI (document search, regulatory compliance tools, earnings call analysis, risk assessment pipelines), your embedding model is the invisible foundation everything else rests on. Choose the wrong one and your RAG pipeline will surface wrong documents at critical moments. Choose the right one and suddenly your system finds the exact clause, the precise data point, the relevant precedent, every single time.. In 2026, one model has pulled decisively ahead in financial domain retrieval: zembed-1 by ZeroEntropy.. . Why Finance Is Uniquely Hard for Embedding Models. Financial text is brutal. It combines dense numerical reasoning, highly specialized jargon, regulatory legalese, and cross-document referencing that generic embedding models were never designed to handle. Consider what a financial AI system needs to retrieve correctly:. Financial Retrieval Challenges . SEC 10-K filings with embedded risk factors buried in footnotes. Basel III compliance language that differs subtly across jurisdictions. Earnings call transcripts where sentiment shifts on a single qualifier (“modestly” vs. “significantly”). Structured financial statements and tables sitting next to unstructured analyst commentary. . . Standard embedding models — trained primarily on general web text — flatten these distinctions. They treat “net interest margin compression” as vaguely similar to “profit decrease,” when in fact the distinction matters enormously for what a financial analyst needs to find.. The Benchmark Numbers. ZeroEntropy evaluated zembed-1 against the four leading embedding models on a finance-specific benchmark using NDCG@10 (Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain at 10 results), the standard metric for information retrieval quality:. Model Finance NDCG@10 . zembed-1 0.4476 . voyage-4-nano 0.4227 . Cohere Embed v4 0.3670 . OpenAI text-embedding-3-large 0.3291 . zembed-1 outperforms the second-best model by +5.8% and OpenAI’s flagship embedding model by +36% on finance retrieval. . . . What’s Behind the Lead. zELO Training Methodology. zembed-1 is distilled from ZeroEntropy’s zerank-2 reranker using the zELO methodology , a training approach that models relevance as Elo ratings rather than binary labels. Documents compete in pairwise relevance battles, and the model learns a continuous 0-to-1 relevance score rather than a blunt “relevant / not relevant” signal.. Why This Matters for Finance . When a user searches for “interest rate risk exposure in retail banking,” there’s a spectrum of document relevance, not a binary. A general discussion of interest rate risk is somewhat relevant. A specific section on retail deposit sensitivity is more relevant. A quantitative model of duration gap analysis is the most relevant. zELO training teaches zembed-1 to rank these correctly.. . 32k Token Context Window. Most financial documents are long. Annual reports run hundreds of pages. Prospectuses, credit agreements, and regulatory filings routinely exceed what shorter-context models can handle in a single embedding pass. zembed-1’s 32,768-token context window means you can embed full sections, or even entire short documents, without chunking artifacts that degrade retrieval quality.. Flexible Compression for Large Corpora. Financial institutions often maintain embeddings over millions of documents. zembed-1’s flexible quantization cuts storage costs dramatically without sacrificing meaningful accuracy:. float32 : Full precision, 8 KB per vector. int8 : 4x compression, minimal accuracy loss. binary : 32x compression, <128 bytes per vector. A corpus that would require 8 TB of vector storage at full precision can be compressed to under 250 GB, while retaining the retrieval quality that makes zembed-1 worth using in the first place.. Real-World Use Cases Where zembed-1 Excels in Finance. 01 Regulatory Compliance Search . . Search across thousands of regulatory documents — MiFID II, Dodd-Frank, Basel III, IFRS standards — with queries that use natural language rather than exact keyword matches. zembed-1’s semantic understanding catches relevant provisions even when the query phrasing doesn’t match the document terminology exactly.. . . 02 Earnings Intelligence . . Retrieve relevant management commentary, guidance language, and risk disclosures across thousands of earnings calls. zembed-1’s nuanced relevance ranking surfaces the passages that actually matter for a given analysis question.. . . 03 Credit Agreement Analysis . . Search through loan documentation, covenant packages, and credit agreements for specific terms, conditions, and triggers. The 32k context window lets you embed full agreement sections rather than tiny chunks.. . . 04 Investment Research . . Power semantic search over research reports, analyst notes, and market commentary — so portfolio managers can ask natural language questions and get the most relevant source material back instantly.. . . What Finance Practitioners Are Saying. “After evaluating six embedding models on our financial research corpus, zembed-1 wasn’t even close. It was the only one that correctly understood the distinction between duration risk and credit risk in our queries. We paired it with zerank-2 and got very impressive results.” — Head of AI, Fintech. Getting Started with zembed-1 for Finance. zembed-1 is available as an open-weight model on HuggingFace (CC-BY-NC-4.0) or via the ZeroEntropy commercial API for production financial applications.. HuggingFace sentence_transformers Example from sentence_transformers import SentenceTransformer model = SentenceTransformer( "zeroentropy/zembed-1" , trust_remote_code = True , model_kwargs = { "torch_dtype" : "bfloat16" }, ) query_embeddings = model.encode_query( "What is the net interest margin sensitivity to a 100bps rate increase?" ) document_embeddings = model.encode_document([ "Our NIM is projected to expand 12bps in a +100bps parallel shift scenario..." , "Interest rate risk is managed through our ALCO committee..." , ]) similarities = model.similarity(query_embeddings, document_embeddings) . . . ZeroEntropy is currently offering 50% off document embeddings via our API until June 1st , a strong incentive to run a proof-of-concept on your financial corpus before the discount expires.. The Bottom Line. In a domain as demanding as finance, where retrieval errors have real consequences, zembed-1’s combination of superior benchmark performance, long context handling, and compression flexibility makes it the clear choice. Whether you’re building compliance tooling, investment research assistants, or risk analysis pipelines, zembed-1 gives you the retrieval foundation your system deserves.. Get Started . . zembed-1 is available today through multiple deployment options: . → ZeroEntropy API fully managed, lowest-friction path to production → HuggingFace open weights, run it on your own infrastructure → AWS Marketplace deploy within your existing AWS environment . from zeroentropy import ZeroEntropy zclient = ZeroEntropy() response = zclient.models.embed( model = "zembed-1" , input_type = "query" , # "query" or "document" input = "What is retrieval augmented generation?" , # string or list[str] dimensions = 2560 , # optional: must be one of [2560, 1280, 640, 320, 160, 80, 40] encoding_format = "float" , # "float" or "base64" latency = "fast" , # "fast" or "slow"; omit for auto ) Documentation : docs.zeroentropy.dev . HuggingFace : huggingface.co/zeroentropy . Get in touch : Discord community or contact@zeroentropy.dev . Talk to us if you need a custom deployment, volume pricing, or want to see how zembed-1 + zerank-2 performs on your data.. . . . . . section+section]:border-t [&>section+section]:border-black/[0.08] xl:max-h-full xl:overflow-y-auto [&::-webkit-scrollbar]:w-1 [&::-webkit-scrollbar-track]:rounded-full [&::-webkit-scrollbar-track]:bg-black/5 [&::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb]:rounded-full [&::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb]:bg-black/15" data-astro-cid-ghjyy5jg> Table of contents The Best Embedding Model for Finance . Why Finance Is Uniquely Hard for Embedding Models . The Benchmark Numbers . What’s Behind the Lead . zELO Training Methodology . 32k Token Context Window . Flexible Compression for Large Corpora . Real-World Use Cases Where zembed-1 Excels in Finance . What Finance Practitioners Are Saying . Getting Started with zembed-1 for Finance . The Bottom Line . . . . . Related Blogs. Catch all the latest releases and updates from ZeroEntropy.. . . Jul 24, 2026 ZeroEntropy Joins Notion. ZeroEntropy has been acquired by Notion. All of our models are now open-source under Apache 2.0, and our products remain fully supported until September 4th, 2026.. . . Jul 24, 2026 ZeroEntropy Migration Guide. How to migrate an application off the ZeroEntropy API onto a self-managed stack — covering rerank/embed models, zSearch, OCR, and data backfill.. . . Apr 21, 2026 Matryoshka Is Dead: Why MRL Isn't Lossless for zembed-1. MRL is widely believed to be lossless. When we trained an MRL variant of zembed-1 and measured it against evals built from real-world retrieval traffic, the loss was there. Here's what we shipped instead, and the code to use it.. . . . . . . The best AI teams build with ZeroEntropy models. Book Demo View docs . . Follow us on . . . . . Product Rerankers . Embeddings . Custom Models . Pricing . Evals . . Solutions Legal . Healthcare . Finance . Customer Support . E-Commerce . Manufacturing . . Resources Docs . Blog . Concepts . Playbooks . Versus . News . Careers . Contact . FAQ . . Featured Ultimate guide to choosing the best reranking model . What is a reranker and do I need one? . How Vera Health achieved state-of-the-art clinical accuracy . . . Copyright © 2026 ZeroEntropy. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Trust . . . . .