https://www.bemlo.com/en/blog/seed-round-announcement

Bemlo | Announcing our $3.4 million seed round . Features . Blog . . . Log in Book a Demo . Book a Demo . Toggle menu . Toggle menu . AI Scheduling . Pools . Agency Management . Case Studies . Blog . Log in . . Blog / Announcing our $3.4 million seed round . Announcing our $3.4 million seed round. Bemlo raises $3.3M to solve the European healthcare labour shortage. Stockholm, Sweden. August 2nd, 2022. Today Bemlo, the European marketplace for short-term staffing of healthcare personnel, announces that the company successfully raised $3.3 million in a seed round backed by Y Combinator, Long Journey Ventures, Uncommon Capital, and a group of angel investors that include Dropbox co-founder Arash Ferdowsi, BloomTech co-founder Austen Allred and Top executives from the Swedish digital health startup Kry. The new investment will be used to fuel further expansion of Bemlo in existing and new markets in Europe. In addition to the home market Sweden, Bemlo have established operations in Norway and the UK during this year.. Bemlo connects nurses and doctors with care providers to fill temporary and longer vacancies. Bemlo collaborates with several care providers and staffing agencies to increase the transparency of all available short-term positions in different markets.. Benjamin Waye, CEO, and co-founder of Bemlo says: “By providing a marketplace for short-term positions, we can match the right healthcare professionals with available short-term positions and address the current workforce shortage in healthcare. We are very proud to bring in top investors that share our vision of improving transparency and increasing efficiency within healthcare”. . Lee Jacobs, founder, and General Partner at Long Journey Ventures says: “I'm impressed by what the team at Bemlo have accomplished in a short period of time and look forward to following their journey to better the work lives of healthcare workers in more European markets”. . Bemlo has been part of the Silicon Valley-based startup accelerator Y Combinator as well as grown by more than 20% month-on-month in the first half of 2022.. Benjamin Waye continues: “ Today, tens of thousands of nurses and doctors use Bemlo to search, find and compare different short-term positions in healthcare. We have been able to lower the thresholds and increase transparency within the industry, which allows for more informative decision-making”. . Bemlo supports healthcare employers such as primary care clinics, hospitals, and nursing homes to secure their staffing within 24 hours instead of the current three-month lead-time.. Bemlo Team. 07/29/2022. . . . . . Ready to Transform Your Staffing?. See how your organization can reduce costs and enhance employee satisfaction today.. Book a Demo . . Alexander Björkenstam. Co-Founder & CEO of Bemlo. . . . . . . . Contact. info@bemlo.com Phone : +46 10 8800 625 . Bemalong AB. Norrsken House. Birger Jarlsgatan 57 C. 113 56 Stockholm. . Products. AI Scheduling Pools Agency Management Blog Privacy Policy Webinars Status . . Copyright © 2026 Bemlo | All Rights Reserved. Backed by . . . . .