https://www.slash.com/blog/announcing-slashs-dollar19m-seed-and-series-a

Announcing Slash’s $19m Seed and Series A | Slash Slash raises $100M Series C at a $1.4B valuation. . Learn more . . . . . Slash Company Careers About Security Help Center Blog Engineering Blog . . . Products products Corporate Cards . Business Banking . Stablecoin Payments . Treasury . Working Capital . Global USD . Invoicing . Global Cards . Bill Pay . Payment Processing . . . platform Multi Entity . Accounting . Expense Management . Global Payments . API . Analytics . Agents . Twin . . . . . Solutions industries E-commerce . Agencies . Contractors . Affiliate Marketers . Healthcare . Web3 . Startups . Online Travel Agencies . Wholesalers . Accounting Firms . . . Regions North America . Middle East & Africa . Latin America . Asia-Pacific . Europe . South Asia . . . earn Affiliate Rewards . Perks . . . . . Customers . Pricing . FAQ . Sign In Get Started . . . . Blog . / Company Updates . Announcing Slash’s $19m Seed and Series A. Today, we're excited to announce that Slash has raised $19m in our Seed and Series A rounds, both of which were led by Rick Yang at NEA, with additional participation from Y Combinator, Menlo Ventures, Connect Ventures, Soma Capital, Tinder co-founder and former CMO Justin Mateen, Plaid co-founder William Hockey, and other angels and funds.. . Author : Victor Cardenas . . May 4, 2023 . 4 min . . . . . . AI Summary generating . Did you know that the entrepreneurial spirit is thriving like never before, with millions now able to work for themselves online? Slash is thrilled to announce that we've raised $19 million in Seed and Series A funding to better support these budding entrepreneurs. This investment will enhance our offerings, including features like virtual cards and instant payouts, helping users streamline their financial operations and maximize their potential. With this backing, we're committed to empowering even more individuals to embrace self-employment and achieve financial freedom, making their entrepreneurial dreams a reality.. . . . Show more . . . . . . . . . . . . Today, we're excited to announce that Slash has raised $19m in our Seed and Series A rounds, both of which were led by Rick Yang at NEA, with additional participation from Y Combinator, Menlo Ventures, Connect Ventures, Soma Capital, Tinder co-founder and former CMO Justin Mateen, Plaid co-founder William Hockey, and other angels and funds. . —. I like to think that most people, if given the opportunity and the right conditions, will choose to work for themselves. They like working on things that make them passionate, they like working where and when they want and on their own time, and they like feeling like they have unbounded earning potential.. The internet has made it significantly easier for anyone, anywhere, to work for themselves. It is now functionally very straightforward to sell products, courses, skills, and content to millions of people across the globe. 4.4 million entrepreneurs have created a Shopify site, 6.3 million have sold products on Amazon, and 18 million have freelanced on Upwork alone.. Half a century ago, Phil Knight had to go to Herculean lengths – months of correspondence via physical mail, frequent visits to factories in Japan, and more – to sell his first pair of Onitsuka shoes out of the trunk of his car. Today, 15 year olds can start drop-shipping any product to any person anywhere in the world by clicking buttons on a screen for a couple hours, and grow multi-million person audiences from the comfort of their living room.. Over the past two years, I’ve had the privilege of personally chatting with thousands of young (often teenage) entrepreneurs who’ve decided to leverage the internet to embark on a path towards financial freedom. I’ve come to know Michael, who bootstrapped his way to building a Discord community that generates over a $100,000 a month, Brenden, a 19 year old who is paying for his own college tuition from the profits he made flipping sneakers and NFTs in high school, and Isaiah, who made hundreds of thousands from his wholesale electronics business during the pandemic. All three of them, and tens of thousands of other Slash customers like them, have an insatiable desire to be financially free.. Slash exists for two reasons:. The first, is to empower existing entrepreneurs like Michael, Brenden, and Isaiah to run more efficient, larger, and more profitable businesses. We’re living up this ideal via our virtual card product that lets drop-shippers acquire more inventory, our instant payouts feature that allows GOAT and Amazon sellers to improve their cashflow, and our Slash for <18 feature that enables any teenager to set up their own business bank account with the consent of their parents.. Our second goal is to embolden more people to take the leap towards self-employment. While it comes with higher earning potential, being your own boss also means having to source your own products, and being your own business’ accounting and legal back office. We are already helping our customers stay more organized by giving them dedicated accounts for personal and business spending. Over time, however, we aim to play a more meaningful role in all their financial workflows by offering built-in accounting, incorporation, tax filing, and invoicing from the Slash dashboard.. When people ask me why I dropped out of school to work on Slash, I give them three reasons:. We think we built something people want. Tens of thousands of small businesses that collectively spend hundreds of millions of dollars a year already use Slash. The opportunity cost of staying in school was too high.. I like building products more than I like sitting in a classroom.. And most importantly, I truly love our customers. They’re all like me and my co-founder: young, hungry, and out to get that bag. No shame in it.. My co-founder Kevin and I have spent the past two years, and want to spend the rest of our lives working to enable as many people as possible to chart their own path.. If you’re looking for a new business bank account, sign up for Slash here .. — . Note: Slash is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by Piermont Bank, Members FDIC. . . . View AI Summary . Share article:. . . . . Why Slash?. Trusted by 1000+ businesses, Slash is reimagining business banking around industry-specific needs. From streamlining payouts, global accounts, and software integrations, Slash is enabling businesses to move faster, scale smarter, and succeed bigger.. . . . . Read more from us. . Previous slide Next slide . . Company Updates . Apr 16, 2026 . Slash Achieves Unicorn Status Following $100m Series C Fundraise . ≈ 5 minutes read . . . Company Updates . Apr 16, 2026 . Slash raises $100M Series C at a $1.4B valuation . ≈ 4 minutes read . . . Company Updates . May 20, 2025 . Slash Raises $41m Series B Led by Goodwater Capital . ≈ 3 minutes read . . . Product Updates . Jun 1, 2026 . May Monthly Recap: Global Cards, Bill Pay, Action Center . ≈ 6 minutes read . . . Product Updates . May 1, 2026 . April Monthly Recap: Twin, Mobile App, Series C . ≈ 5 minutes read . . . Editorials . Sept 25, 2026 . Bootstrapping vs. Venture Capital: Which Path Fits Your Startup? . ≈ 8 minutes read . . . Founder Stories . Jul 6, 2026 . The College Project That Became a YC Startup | Cedar . ≈ 5 minutes read . . . Founder Stories . Jul 13, 2026 . The Teenagers Betting Their Careers on Sewage | Effluent . ≈ 10 minutes read . . . . . . . . . Apply in less than 10 minutes today. Join the 10,000+ businesses already using Slash.. Contact sales . . . . . . . . . . Learn more with AI . Slash Company FAQ . Careers . About . Blog . Engineering Blog . Customers . Security . Help Center . Legal . Privacy Policy . . Products Corporate Cards . Business Banking . Stablecoin Payments . Treasury . Working Capital . Global USD . Invoicing . . Industries Web3 . E-commerce . Agencies . Contractors . Affiliate Marketers . Healthcare . Wholesalers . Travel Agencies . Startups . . Platform Multi Entity . Accounting . Expense Management . API . Global Payments . Analytics . Agents . . Tools Charge Identifier . Finance Agent . Expense Categories . Versus . ROI Calculator . IBAN Calculator . Crypto Calculator . ACH Returns . Card Decline Codes . Routing Number Lookup . Tax Forms . Routing Numbers . SWIFT Codes . Invoice Generator . . . X.com . LinkedIn . Instagram . YouTube . AppStore . © Slash Financial. All Rights RESERVED. • Cookie Preferences . . 1. Slash Financial, Inc. is a financial technology company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services are provided by Column N.A., Member FDIC. The Slash Platinum Card is a Visa® charge card issued by Column N.A., pursuant to a license from Visa. Payment of account balance is due in full daily. Monthly membership fees may apply. Card purchases may be eligible for cashback. See Slash Terms of Service .. 2. FDIC deposit insurance coverage only protects against the failure of an FDIC-insured deposit institution. Deposits in Slash business checking accounts are FDIC-insured through Column N.A., Member FDIC, and Column’s Sweep Program Network Banks . Deposit placement through Column’s Deposit Sweep Program is subject to the terms, conditions, and disclosures in the Sweep Agreement .. 3. Digital-asset services are provided by Slash Financial, Inc. in partnership with third-party providers. Digital assets are not bank deposits, legal tender, or covered by FDIC, SIPC, or any other government-backed insurance. Slash neither custodies digital assets nor guarantees redemptions or reserve sufficiency. Geographic, regulatory, and other eligibility limits apply, and are subject to change. Digital-asset transactions may be irreversible. Rewards are promotional rebates funded by Slash, not interest. See the full Global Account Terms of Use for more details.. 4. Slash users may be eligible to receive cryptocurrency in their legal entity name. Eligible transactions will be processed by Column N.A. Other cryptocurrency options may be available through your account at Bridge Building Inc. For those transactions, Bridge Building Inc. will convert the cryptocurrency in your account to United States Dollars (USD) and transfer the USD to your Slash Platinum account. Stablecoin custody and transfer services are provided by Bridge Building Inc.. 5. Slope is a financial technology company, not a bank. Business-purpose loans made by Lead Bank and subject to credit approval. Application and consent to obtain personal credit report is required. Subject to minimum revenue and business requirements. Personal Guaranty may be required. Fees vary based on risk assessment and loan term.. 6. Advertised yield reflects the highest net yield for money market funds available in Slash Treasury as of the last business day and assumes total Slash Treasury deposits of $500k+. Yields are variable and subject to change based on market conditions. Past yields do not guarantee future results. See the Treasury page for a breakdown of investment options, market yields, and associated pricing for the Slash Treasury account. Slash Treasury is an investment advisory account provided by Atomic Invest, an SEC-registered investment adviser with brokerage services provided by Atomic Brokerage, a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA/SIPC. Investments in securities: Not FDIC Insured, Not Bank Guaranteed, May Lose Value . Investing involves risks, including the possible loss of principal. Images are for illustrative purposes only. See Atomic Treasury Disclosures .. 7. Available with Pro Plan.. Slash Financial, Inc.. 2261 Market Street STE 4244 San Francisco CA, 94114. . .