https://www.slash.com/blog/april-monthly-recap

April Monthly Recap: Twin, Mobile App, Series C, and More | Slash Slash raises $100M Series C at a $1.4B valuation. . Learn more . . . . . Slash Company Careers About Security Help Center Blog Engineering Blog . . . Products products Corporate Cards . Business Banking . Stablecoin Payments . Treasury . Working Capital . Global USD . Invoicing . Global Cards . Bill Pay . Payment Processing . . . platform Multi Entity . Accounting . Expense Management . Global Payments . API . Analytics . Agents . Twin . . . . . Solutions industries E-commerce . Agencies . Contractors . Affiliate Marketers . Healthcare . Web3 . Startups . Online Travel Agencies . Wholesalers . Accounting Firms . . . Regions North America . Middle East & Africa . Latin America . Asia-Pacific . Europe . South Asia . . . earn Affiliate Rewards . Perks . . . . . Customers . Pricing . FAQ . Sign In Get Started . . . . Blog . / Product Updates . April Monthly Recap: Twin, Mobile App, Series C. April was Slash's biggest month ever. Learn about all of our new product launches and our most recent fundraising round below.. . Author : Zachary Downing . . May 1, 2026 . 5 min . . . . . . AI Summary generating . Did you know that April was a groundbreaking month for Slash, featuring a host of exciting updates? Slash has introduced incredible new features, including Twin, an AI banking assistant, a revamped mobile app, and Global USD cards, all designed to enhance your financial operations. With Twin, you can manage your finances through simple conversations, while the new mobile app offers seamless access to your accounts on the go. These innovations not only streamline your banking experience but also empower you to focus more on your business, making it an exciting time to be a part of the Slash community.. . . . Show more . . . . . . . . . . . . . . This April was one of the most impactful months Slash has ever had. Between updates to our platform, the debut of a new and improved mobile app, and a massive funding stage, the last month has been one for the books.¹ Let’s take a look at everything that we launched:. Twin, Your AI Banking Assistant . In the context of finance, most modern AI tools are limited to individual use cases. For example, an AI may be able to detect fraudulent company card transactions, but it usually can’t handle card management on its own. That changes with Twin.. Twin is an agentic AI assistant that’s built right into the Slash platform. Users can speak to Twin in plain English via Slack or text and prompt it to do complex functions that were never possible before. Without the need for human intervention, Twin can:. Analyze your financial data. Move money and track transfers. Manage cards and spending end-to-end. Answer questions about your accounts and cash flow. Address technical issues. Make online purchases and orders on your behalf. Collect receipts and generate expense reports. This is possible because Twin has a direct connection to your cards, your accounts, your transactions, and your team. However, this doesn’t come at the cost of security. Any actions that move money or change account settings go through the same approval workflows your team already has configured in Slash. Twin also abides by Slash's existing role-based access control; if you're an employee with card-only access, Twin only shows you card data. If you're an owner with full access, Twin can surface everything.. Twin connects to your company’s Slack in just a few steps. Ask a question or give it a task, and it takes care of the rest. When you find out all the things Twin can do for your business’s finances, you’ll wonder how you ever lived without it.. The New Slash Mobile App . At Slash, improving our current products is just as important as rolling out new products. That’s why we completely rebuilt the Slash mobile app from the ground up.. Our new mobile app has a smoother, more user-friendly interface and an expanded library of tools for busy finance managers that spend a lot of time on the go. It’s now easier than ever to view balances, move money, manage cards, and stay in control of your finances from your phone.. Each screen has been updated with speed and clarity in mind. Navigation is easier, the animations are smoother, and you can pull from the top to refresh your page and get in-the-moment updates. We also overhauled the search feature and improved our push notifications, giving users deeper transparency into what’s going on within their accounts.. Additionally, Global USD is now fully accessible from the mobile app.³ You can check your balance, send payments (via wire, ACH, or on the blockchain), receive funds from platforms like Stripe and Shopify, and manage your account from wherever you are.⁴ This gives our international users a much deeper level of mobile access.. The new Slash Mobile App is now available on the App Store. If you're already a Slash user, simply update to the latest version. If you're new, download the app and sign up at slash.com .. Series C . This is the big one. In April, we announced a $100 million Series C at a $1.4 billion valuation, bringing our total funding to $160 million. We brought on Ribbit Capital as our lead investor in the round, along with Khosla Ventures and Goodwater Capital co-leading. Goodwater, who led our Series B just 16 months ago, is doubling down. NEA and YC are investing in Slash for a fourth time.. Apr 16, 2026 Slash raises $100M Series C at a $1.4B valuation. Author : . . These investors committed to us after seeing both the rapid growth we’ve had over the last 12 months and the vision we have for the next 12 months. Slash has rolled out more than 100 new features in the past year, including expense management tools, automated invoicing, and an agentic AI assistant. By the end of 2026, we hope to run your financial back office for you. AI is only going to let us get faster, and we’re shipping features at a higher rate than ever.. As Ribbit Capital founder Micky Malka put it, “They’re building the bank of the future, where agents handle the processes that used to require entire departments. We couldn’t be more excited to partner with them.”. This is all possible thanks to the incredible amount of time and quality of work the entire team at Slash has contributed over the course of the last 5 years. If you’re a current Slash user and you’re reading this, you also lent a hand in your own way. We’re incredibly grateful for this funding round, and we aim to deliver even more than we’ve promised in the near future.. What’s Next . As huge as April was at Slash, even bigger things are ahead. Between new products and quality-of-life improvements, our team is always working to make Slash a more powerful financial platform. Keep an eye on our website and socials to see what we debut in May.. Apply in less than 10 minutes today. Join the 10,000+ businesses already using Slash.. . . Email . . Get Started . . . . . . . . . . . View AI Summary . Share article:. . . . . . Smarter business spend. Track expenses, pay vendors, earn high cashback — all in one dashboard.. Get Started . . . . . Why Slash?. Trusted by 10,000+ businesses, Slash is reimagining business banking around industry-specific needs. From streamlining payouts, global accounts, and software integrations, Slash is enabling businesses to move faster, scale smarter, and succeed bigger.. . . . . Read more from us. . Previous slide Next slide . . Company Updates . Apr 16, 2026 . Slash Achieves Unicorn Status Following $100m Series C Fundraise . ≈ 5 minutes read . . . Company Updates . Apr 16, 2026 . Slash raises $100M Series C at a $1.4B valuation . ≈ 4 minutes read . . . Product Updates . Apr 1, 2026 . March Monthly Recap: Expense Management, Accounting Integrations, Recurring Invoices, and More . ≈ 4 minutes read . . . Product Updates . Jun 1, 2026 . May Monthly Recap: Global Cards, Bill Pay, Action Center . ≈ 6 minutes read . . . Product Updates . Aug 31, 2026 . August Monthly Recap: New Features, Cards, and Mobile Capabilities . ≈ 5 minutes read . . . Starting a Business . Aug 10, 2026 . Fundraising Tips for Startups: A Founder's Guide . ≈ 14 minutes read . . . Product Updates . Mar 1, 2026 . Feburary Monthly Recap: Invoicing, Reimbursements, Crypto Updates, Slash Perks, and more . ≈ 3 minutes read . . . Company Updates . May 4, 2023 . Announcing Slash’s $19m Seed and Series A . ≈ 4 minutes read . . . . . . . . . Apply in less than 10 minutes today. Join the 10,000+ businesses already using Slash.. Contact sales . . . . . . . . . . Learn more with AI . Slash Company FAQ . Careers . About . Blog . Engineering Blog . Customers . Security . Help Center . Legal . Privacy Policy . . Products Corporate Cards . Business Banking . Stablecoin Payments . Treasury . Working Capital . Global USD . Invoicing . . Industries Web3 . E-commerce . Agencies . Contractors . Affiliate Marketers . Healthcare . Wholesalers . Travel Agencies . Startups . . Platform Multi Entity . Accounting . Expense Management . API . Global Payments . Analytics . Agents . . Tools Charge Identifier . Finance Agent . Expense Categories . Versus . ROI Calculator . IBAN Calculator . Crypto Calculator . ACH Returns . Card Decline Codes . Routing Number Lookup . Tax Forms . Routing Numbers . SWIFT Codes . Invoice Generator . . . X.com . LinkedIn . Instagram . YouTube . AppStore . © Slash Financial. All Rights RESERVED. • Cookie Preferences . . 1. Slash Financial, Inc. is a financial technology company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services are provided by Column N.A., Member FDIC. The Slash Platinum Card is a Visa® charge card issued by Column N.A., pursuant to a license from Visa. Payment of account balance is due in full daily. Monthly membership fees may apply. Card purchases may be eligible for cashback. See Slash Terms of Service .. 2. FDIC deposit insurance coverage only protects against the failure of an FDIC-insured deposit institution. Deposits in Slash business checking accounts are FDIC-insured through Column N.A., Member FDIC, and Column’s Sweep Program Network Banks . Deposit placement through Column’s Deposit Sweep Program is subject to the terms, conditions, and disclosures in the Sweep Agreement .. 3. Digital-asset services are provided by Slash Financial, Inc. in partnership with third-party providers. Digital assets are not bank deposits, legal tender, or covered by FDIC, SIPC, or any other government-backed insurance. Slash neither custodies digital assets nor guarantees redemptions or reserve sufficiency. Geographic, regulatory, and other eligibility limits apply, and are subject to change. Digital-asset transactions may be irreversible. Rewards are promotional rebates funded by Slash, not interest. See the full Global Account Terms of Use for more details.. 4. Slash users may be eligible to receive cryptocurrency in their legal entity name. Eligible transactions will be processed by Column N.A. Other cryptocurrency options may be available through your account at Bridge Building Inc. For those transactions, Bridge Building Inc. will convert the cryptocurrency in your account to United States Dollars (USD) and transfer the USD to your Slash Platinum account. Stablecoin custody and transfer services are provided by Bridge Building Inc.. 5. Slope is a financial technology company, not a bank. Business-purpose loans made by Lead Bank and subject to credit approval. Application and consent to obtain personal credit report is required. Subject to minimum revenue and business requirements. Personal Guaranty may be required. Fees vary based on risk assessment and loan term.. 6. Advertised yield reflects the highest net yield for money market funds available in Slash Treasury as of the last business day and assumes total Slash Treasury deposits of $500k+. Yields are variable and subject to change based on market conditions. Past yields do not guarantee future results. See the Treasury page for a breakdown of investment options, market yields, and associated pricing for the Slash Treasury account. Slash Treasury is an investment advisory account provided by Atomic Invest, an SEC-registered investment adviser with brokerage services provided by Atomic Brokerage, a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA/SIPC. Investments in securities: Not FDIC Insured, Not Bank Guaranteed, May Lose Value . Investing involves risks, including the possible loss of principal. Images are for illustrative purposes only. See Atomic Treasury Disclosures .. 7. Available with Pro Plan.. Slash Financial, Inc.. 2261 Market Street STE 4244 San Francisco CA, 94114. . .