https://sygaldry.com/

Sygaldry - Quantum-Accelerated AI Join Us . New Sygaldry raises $139M to build quantum computers for AI . Quantum-Accelerated AI. We envision a future of affordable, sustainable, personalized, and secure superintelligence. In this world, AI augments the best of what makes us human. It helps extend and enrich our lives, and drives breakthroughs in science, literature, and the arts. Above all, it leads to more, not less, human sovereignty.. As good as AI is today, many core challenges remain. New models cost hundreds of millions to develop, leading to extreme centralization. Once developed, models are too expensive to run for many of the most exciting use cases.. The reality is that the hardware to build the future we envision doesn't exist yet. While some of the gaps might be temporarily plugged with software, they will ultimately only be addressed with significant hardware advances.. Sygaldry is building quantum-accelerated AI servers to exponentially speed up training and inference. We're creating the tools to integrate quantum capabilities into AI models and workflows, delivering the infrastructure for quantum superintelligence.. Wide adoption of true artificial superintelligence requires quantum hardware. Quantum algorithms promise exponential speedups for training and inference tasks. Quantum mechanics governs nature at its smallest scale. In order for superintelligent models to explore the quantum realm and realize breakthroughs in cosmology, materials science, and quantum gravity, it will need to leverage quantum hardware.. By integrating quantum and AI, we're accelerating the path to secure superintelligence, and engineering the conditions for it to scale efficiently, operate affordably, and remain fundamentally safe as its use proliferates.. Quantum Hardware. Our AI servers combine multiple complementary qubit modalities within a fault-tolerant architecture. This creates a richer design space for building utility scale quantum computers because each qubit modality has different strengths and weaknesses.. This approach to computer design is not new. It just hasn't been done in quantum. It's the same way classical computers are made, where distinct technologies (e.g. RAM, storage, processor logic, interconnect) are used to realize the functional parts of a computer architecture. Building quantum computers this way is something that will seem obvious in retrospect. We believe it's the only way to reach the combination of cost, scale, and speed necessary for advanced AI applications.. Sygaldry's quantum-accelerated AI servers will allow AI companies to innovate more quickly, increase margins, and deploy better products by providing exponential compute speedup at a fraction of the cost and energy of classical infrastructure alone.. Work with Sygaldry. We're building the infrastructure for quantum superintelligence. We pioneer new domains in physics, engineering, and AI, and we tackle the hardest challenges with a grounded, optimistic, and rigorous culture. Our team is growing. We are looking for scientists, engineers, partners and collaborators to help shape how quantum and AI intersect, and to unlock the potential of both together.. See open roles → . Chad Rigetti, Idalia Friedson, Michael Keiser. Please get in touch at letsbuild@sygaldry.com . For media requests, contact media@sygaldry.com . @sygaldry_tech . . . . . Sygaldry Technologies, Inc. © 2026. .